 Kellogs in a pizza box =)(c) celine jacinto 2010. all rights reserved.
 This box has two spearmint plants in it and a chocolate mint plant which smells really awesome.
 A birthday gift for a friend--a designer bag made from chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant, with gold food coloring.
 A birthday gift for a friend--a designer bag made from chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant, with gold food coloring.
 A birthday gift for a friend--a designer bag made from chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant, with gold food coloring.
 Michaela had a blast making pizza in the kitchen at the Phoenix Children's Museum.
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 Blue food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 Blue food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 45 pounds in the suitcase + 45 pounds in the bike box + 15 pounds in the carry on - food - water = trouble
 The table setting for Seoul Garden: the soup pot in the middle for boiling food, and a hotplate around it for frying.
 This was Lianne's pizza of choice, we ate them half and half. There is a plate under there ;)
 Pluto's dog house and food bowl in Mickey's backyard
 So much food is collected that the monks have to empty their bowl into basket carried by boys.
 People crowding the pizza pickup window in costco
 Single tier male birthday cake, encased in dark chocolate panels with white drizzle effect and topped with truffels and chocolate shards.
 Single tier male birthday cake, encased in dark chocolate panels with white drizzle effect and topped with truffels and chocolate shards.
 Body is Chocolate Chip cookie cake with vanilla buttercream, head is pumpkin spice cake with caramel brown sugar buttercream, covered in chocolate choco-pan
 This meerkat was on guard while the female was searching the grass below him for food.
 playing with water and food colouring in a glass
 Our godchild Neela(parents Seba&amp;amp;Minni), a year old cute little girl enjoying thai food in Espoo, Finland.
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 Enjoying a cup of white chocolate cocoa in the Market House.
 Newborn size. Made in country 12ply. Dyed orange and yellow with food colouring. So simple and so cute. 
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 the lineup. those chocolate ball things in the center of the table stole the show... oreo truffles. what a fucking mindfuck
 Interior or on coast, many regions are within a few feet of their water table (drinking water and food supply)
 at the pizza place, where they don't look twice at a tiny dog in a bag
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 chocolate stall in the rock market
 3 tier wedding cake covered in white fondant. All 3 tiers red velvet w/ raspberry preserves and chocolate ganache filling. 
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (6)
 Found under the glass on a table at a local pizza place, put there by a true wordsmith and poet.
 This is the only other window in my place.  The wall is chocolate brown.
 This little guy keeps sneaking into the screened in porch and eating the cat food.    Disgusting animals
 The boss left this pizza box in our fridge for almost a month. Fuzzy.
 haha her water and food dishes in my room with a towel beneath since we got new carpet
 Cactus in bloom at Kula Lodge ( next to the outdoor pizza oven )
 prototype pacman in appropriately colored post it notes. yes that's the back of a pizza box
 Baby next table in a hot pot restaurant at IDEE food court, Taichung
 white chocolate cover sides from cake in luxembourg
 Wichcrsft salad. Olive-oil poached shrimp. Decent for fast food under $10. But the plastic salad dressing cup is tacky.
 mel and i rock our pajamas in the pizza bar.
 Nothing like early nights, curled up in bed with a good book and a bit of chocolate!
 I love these pizza delivery bikes, and the reflection I caught in the bus window
 a can't be bothered evening after some house viewings all we could do was stick a pizza in the oven.
 fish food for the monster trout in the pond  looked just like the food my dog eats!
 fish food for the monster trout in the pond  looked just like the food my dog eats!
 I thought it was cute that my cats wanted to play wih their toy mouse in their cat food.
 The girl was in the truck from which they distribute the food. I shot the picture from the viewing deck through the truck!
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 the tables in my office are in pizza formation. that means i might get some free pizza.
 the tables in my office are in pizza formation. that means i might get some free pizza.
 The kids made dinner for us over at their grandparents, pizza and bunny cake of course!
 Cheese wedge allows pizza box to fit in refrigerator
 Eloise and pizza box in the board room
 A rich dark chocolate cake with white chocolate chunks, covered in ganache and white chocolate curls.
 A rich dark chocolate cake with white chocolate chunks, covered in ganache and white chocolate curls.
 A rich dark chocolate cake with white chocolate chunks, covered in ganache and white chocolate curls.
 The goats and chickens stay in the door on the left, the kitchen is the food on the right.
 Circular glass window on top of the kitchen allows patrons to watch over the chefs' preparing your food
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 The cook grills fish on an oven while a caustomer looks on in a streetside fast food centre. NikonD100.
 Yellow cake filled with chocolate pudding covered in chocolate butter cream. Fondant and gum paste birthday girl and puppies
 Yellow cake filled with chocolate pudding covered in chocolate butter cream. Fondant and gum paste birthday girl and puppies
 chocolate truffle cake covered in pink fondant and topped with a pewter trinket box, pearls, necklace and a diamond ring
 M &amp;amp; M making a shaka sign chocolate cake fondant covered,with fondant blanket and fondant M &amp;amp; M pieces around
 Sitting in the middle of the web waiting for food trying to catch a bird with your bare hands.
 Papa John's pizza box in Arabic - Dubai
 cookie batter. it looked better in person. white chocolate, cranberries, blueberries, golden raisins, oats
 Cantera kitchen sink and bathroom sinks in the chocolate color.
 The screen room table is set for eating while the food cooks in pots and on the grill.
 The extra storage space beneath the window seat is very useful, perfect for things like dog food.
 MmMMmMmmmm So golden brown! &amp;lt;33333 I did two butter cake layers and three chocolate cake layers in this cake :D &amp;lt;333
 chez panisse pizza oven from the mirror in front of our booth
 spinach, mozzerella, red sauce, prosciutto, fig, sourdough crust pizza cooked in a wood fired oven...OMG!
 While the food was on the table the dolls hung around the window
 A mens clothes store with only a portion of dog food on display in the window
 Fijne pizza in de oven
 This is Leo, my chocolate point hymalian, where we caught him sleeping in my bathroom sink. 
 a barn owl in our pizza oven
 Abbey in the dog food bag
 Houhai, a bar and restaurant area in Beijing. Recommend Hutong pizza located here.
 Stuffed crust pizza base just after being in the oven for a few minutes
 We put down newspaper (worm food) and some snap-together black plastic stuff, which we left down in the hoophouse walkways.
 white cake with a fresh lemon curd and raspberry filling, frosted in a white chocolate cream cheese buttercream
 Top tier: German chocolate cake. Bottom tier: Chocolate cake with mocha buttercream. Covered in white chocolate fondant.
 Top tier: German chocolate cake. Bottom tier: Chocolate cake with mocha buttercream. Covered in white chocolate fondant.
 Chocolate cake filled with marshmallow, dipped in chocolate ganache with pink buttercream
 The bottle portion, crumb coated in chocolate ganache and then covered in green fondant.
 MGM IT field trip to real food in eastern market
 The fire in a clay pizza oven at Abergavenny Food Festival 2009
 Pie was cooked in the pizza oven with a pizza stone on the bottom.  That sure makes clean up easy
 Pie was cooked in the pizza oven with a pizza stone on the bottom.  That sure makes clean up easy
 That bag has our clothes, food, water, sleeping bags and IPOD in it
 There's a boat in the restaurant, you fish your own food :)
 fruit tea towel in our shop, our favorite food group for sure.
 place white chocolate into baggie or piping bag and snip very small hole in corner. drizzle over berries
 The lovely ladies in the office surprised me with a vegan chocolate cake for my birthday.
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 Everyone's name card was written on fancy paper around a Hersheys chocolate bar
 3 of my Bronze Corys(Corydoras aeneus) searching around for food in the volcanic rock around the base of my red moor wood.
 down the block from the best pizza.. house of pizza, union st. right by the union st bridge
 no food in the blue and gold macaw bowl
 taro, looking for food, in black and white
 A local food market in Banos, Ecuador.  The fruit was delicious!
 Last wek in house we decided to dress up and go for a pizza !Tim Rachel Me Jo and Baz
 An army of cake pops, covered in yellow chocolate.Dark chocolate, white chocolate, even yellow chocolate is all good with my buds.
 An army of cake pops, covered in yellow chocolate.Dark chocolate, white chocolate, even yellow chocolate is all good with my buds.
 An army of cake pops, covered in yellow chocolate.Dark chocolate, white chocolate, even yellow chocolate is all good with my buds.
 Skewered fruit covered in a light toffee for sale at the food night market in Beijing.
 from the wood-fired pizza oven in the loungeroom
 Tunis roving dye by Joanna with wilton sky blue food paste dye mixed with highlighter yellow colonial.
 Seattle tapas bar in Belltown. Txori means bird in Basque, so obviously the decor was adorable. And the food was amazing.
 Organic chocolate peanut butter Joycups packaged in recycled tree box for Christmas gift giving.
 Post settlement conference meal in an office tower food court, downtown Denver.
 Our house boat food cooked by crew. ummm..! 
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate
 I gave my friends in the office chocolate turtle pie!
 A bird hops around the bird table hunting for food!
 Vanilla bean cake (buns), devils food cake (burger), Italian meringue buttercream, covered in chocolate &amp;amp; white fondant
 Vanilla bean cake (buns), devils food cake (burger), Italian meringue buttercream, covered in chocolate &amp;amp; white fondant
 Sofa, sidetables and center table is chocolate cake and rest all by sugar, except candle every thing is edible to eat.
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 I was walking around a soccer field when I happened to spot a cat that appeared to be hunting for food.
 Gift bag with shoe design, tied by gold threaded ribbon and filled with three milk chocolate hearts.
 Photo of the parchment paper in a pizza box for Macro Mondays Italian theme. Mmmm...Pizza. 
 Southern ground-hornbill: The male was walking around with food in his beak
 black food colouring in water with red and blue
 People eating pizza in a fish tank.
 Jenna lounges in a cat food cardboard box
 Lemon cake and vanilla buttercream cake pops coated in white chocolate :)
 the most famous beach in Bombay is famous not for the sand or the waves, but for the streetside food!
 I cooked a pizza today. The light in the oven cast an eerie light.
 Young racoon in empty cat food bag
 Brayden let me cover his face and hair in water, flour and blue food coloring for this picture. 
 After flying in on a Wednesday night, we went to get pizza and beer at Dock Street Brewing Co.
 Vanilla bean cake soaked in a raspberry simple syrup.  Filled with raspberry preserves and white chocolate buttercream.  
 70% chocolate sponge cake with ganache chocolate filling, covered in white fondant icing and decorations with theme of stock markets
 70% chocolate sponge cake with ganache chocolate filling, covered in white fondant icing and decorations with theme of stock markets
 box in the corner, strip neon lights, an air-con and the best fish tikka; cheap on the pocket and quality food: faheem's.
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 el pastor style tacos...served on a plate covered in plastic. street food heaven.
 Sam gets the fire going while I put the food in the bear box
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 Fresh banana cake filled with an orange scented cream cheese filling, frosted in a white chocolate cream cheese buttercream 
 At the brick oven pizza joint in CB
 ...after Mike dropped ALL the fish food in the water AT ONCE! 
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 The building was so large, we drove the 21' food truck around inside and parked the food trailer inside
 The building was so large, we drove the 21' food truck around inside and parked the food trailer inside
 The first book I looked at in a Farnham pizza joint w/ oddly booklined walls.. sayin'. 
 Parsnip sits in the closet door - the closet the cat food is in. She is prepared to thwart any bunny attacks..
 Now a pizza in this oven
 Raspberry glass plate with art glass heart chocolate handcrafted by Hulet Glass. 
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 As the golden water flows over the sandbar the Sandpipers keep a watchful eye out for food.
 Crochet tam in baby pink and chocolate brown acrylics.
 Kitkat standing on two feet while hoping for a piece of food in the kitchen
 How they got a full deck oven outside...I have no idea.  Made waiting in line for pizza a heavenly experience...
 pizza in the oven
 Stonegate pizza restaurant and rock club in Tacoma, Washington on South Tacoma Way (Highway 99)
 180 plates - Spiced shortbread, strawberries in coulis, chocolate terrine and creme anglaise garnished with a cat mint flower
 our pizza place by our house
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 very nice pizza man at the picklefish on dauphin street in mobile
 My favourite coin operated fast food stand in the Netherlands!!! Have to eat the mystery meat behind the little glass door
 M &amp;amp; M making a shaka sign chocolate cake fondant covered,with fondant blanket and fondant M &amp;amp; M pieces around
 Took this while eating pizza in Belmar, NJ
 Domori vanilla chocolate, black tea, Chinese Pomelo, Aivanhov's Living book of Nature, Fresh Salvia grown by a friend.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Nothing quite like a big mug of hot chocolate before bed in the winter months! 
 Usa, texas, hill country near hunt, mourning dove on ground looking for food
 this guy was slowly baking in the sun so someone stuck a pizza box on his head.
 Momma Cat sneaking her face into hole in bag of dog food
 A fudge cake coated in pink with isomalt plaque with white chocolate decor.
 The vital part of a good pizza is the base.  The vital part of the base is the tin....science in knowledge.
 quick crappy photo of a tiny car in a pizza shop window used for food displays.
 quick crappy photo of a tiny car in a pizza shop window used for food displays.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Funky vinyl seating and wall covering spotted in a food court. Mon 22 Nov
 A 10 inch round two layer white chocolate cake covered in fondant and decorated with white snowflakes
 Aiden's making pizza in his microwave
 Boston creme cupcakes in a pizza box
 umm random bathroom in a pizza joint called slice.
 Kurt from work with a pizza box in his back so he can ride his bike.
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate peppermint truffle and iced in pink coloured white chocolate buttercream, with chocolate ganache.
 chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate peppermint truffle and iced in pink coloured white chocolate buttercream, with chocolate ganache.
 chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate peppermint truffle and iced in pink coloured white chocolate buttercream, with chocolate ganache.
 chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate peppermint truffle and iced in pink coloured white chocolate buttercream, with chocolate ganache.
 Hit by a car - blind. In permanent care. Spoilt rotten - he's grabbing the basket containing his supplementary food.
 Wood-fire pizza oven at La Milpa Organica  farm in Escondido, CA
 image from muddy mud and chocolate cake collection. story book written by kim grimwood illustrated by me 
 A child running up to our car window in the street begging for food.
 Four-layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream-- the base tier for the yellow and blue fondtant-covered cake in other pictures
 Four-layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream-- the base tier for the yellow and blue fondtant-covered cake in other pictures
 waiting in the car for DR to get the pizza
 in the summerhouse (in front of my water colour of the pizza oven)
 Pullip in chocolate braun knitted dress with broken white crochet belt and tiny buttons
 bunch of seagulls flying around my boat to get food in bahrain.
 Bake in the oven like a thick bottom pizza
 first successful pizza in new oven
 large deep bowl 10.5&amp;quot; x 10.5&amp;quot; x 5.5&amp;quot;the interior of this bowl is chocolate brown (tho it looks black in the photo).
 Just took a picture of this sign on the pizza delivery car parked in front of my house. 
 at our sidewalk table, eating italian food on our last night in Paris
 The horse tried to eat Tawny's shirt and slobbered its food all over her. haha.
 finally cheap pizza near our house
 White chocolate mud cake with white chocolate ganache, my Mum in the bath !!! 
 White chocolate mud cake with white chocolate ganache, my Mum in the bath !!! 
 Gift bag with shoe design, tied by silver threaded ribbon and with three milk chocolate hearts.
 Dark Chocolate cake dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy.  White jimmies and topped with a single white chocolate Ghirardelli chip.
 Dark Chocolate cake dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy.  White jimmies and topped with a single white chocolate Ghirardelli chip.
 family ... pizza ... wine ... and a view of the sunset over the ocean --------------------------------------------------------------seen in &lt;b&gt;Explore&lt;/b&gt; 28 January 2009
 note to self: cooking pizza in pan with plate on top does NOT work
 this was so strange....a mountain of dog food near the road at the start of a footpath! 
 All cake...1/4 sheet grass cake covered in buttercream, ball is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in fondant. 
 All cake...1/4 sheet grass cake covered in buttercream, ball is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in fondant. 
 Don't leave chocolate in your bag on a hot day at the beach 3
 lit by a pizza box ring flash i constructed. ring on ring.
 blue sky with hand painted baseball, quote in chocolate ballpark font
 These fish would literally stay above water waiting for food.
 Tonic water in a shot glass with liquid from from food coloring with a UV light on it.
 Wrapped in a pizza box - this was an elegant surprise. 
 This big male goat was just chillin, eating his food while we walked around his house.
 I passed by the pizza truck today, but didn't have time to get a slice.  Maybe next time.
 Lilac colored birthday cake (not visible in pic :-(  ). Coconut cake with white chocolate coconut buttercream.  Made explore :-)
 breaded chicken and tomato pizza in downtown nyc
 basil... the easiest plant to grow in the world...... and assure you a good pizza and/or tomato sauce
 where i stayed with ale in her grandfather's house, eating lovely vegetarian peruvian food and sleeping in comfy beds
 Odd sign I found in a pizza place
 A young brown bear seeking for food on a shore near Tofino on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
 Bumblebee cake (yellow with chocolate frosting) from Miette in the ferry building with vanilla ice cream, made by Steve.
 market by jean-georges: black truffle pizza.
 Two layer 10x15&amp;quot; vanilla cake, covered in white fondant, food coloring painted house
 reflective self-portrait with tako trio @ pizza ball house in osaka japan
 A street vendor prepares live insects in preparation for their sale at a sidewalk food marketplace in Kampong Cham, Cambodia.
 Pizza Marazano in La Rambla street they have the best pizza ever :D
 I guess the human equivalent would be a person rolling in a pizza or something.
 mmm...comfort food for a girl who froze her butt off earlier in the car
 Fast food was the sign on the building that served these. We found it in the Summer palace. 
 close up of blue food coloring in glass
 The pizza oven at Pepe's Pizza in New Haven.
 passion fruit cream enrobed in white chocolate, ginger caramel, mandarin sorbet
 Snappy Tomato Pizza delivered. And we ate. Check out the size of the Beast pizza box in the middle (24&amp;quot;x18&amp;quot;).
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 tag in cat food tin box
 white chocolate mocha with cream in mug
 Gayu helping Rhea cut the huge chocolate cake (Incidentally, it was black and brown day in Ms. Thome's class)
 Fish in Rewalsar Lake...(5)  The fish in the lake is revered by the locals, so nobody ever catch them for food...
 this is a mirror in a unisex bathroom in a pizza place in Austin.
 Beautiful pizza pie shaped water lily pads showcased in the lily pond at Longwood Gardens near Philadelphia, PA.
 pizza in oven
 Fondant covered chocolate cake in white and blue colours based upon previous similar cakes
 Itty bitty tiny fox running around in the enclosed pasture almost every night, looking for food maybe :)
 chocolate cake dipped in a raspberry chocolate ganache topped with white chocolate buttercream, white chocolate chips a raspberry drizzle and chocolate shavings. 
 chocolate cake dipped in a raspberry chocolate ganache topped with white chocolate buttercream, white chocolate chips a raspberry drizzle and chocolate shavings. 
 chocolate cake dipped in a raspberry chocolate ganache topped with white chocolate buttercream, white chocolate chips a raspberry drizzle and chocolate shavings. 
 chocolate cake dipped in a raspberry chocolate ganache topped with white chocolate buttercream, white chocolate chips a raspberry drizzle and chocolate shavings. 
 chocolate cake dipped in a raspberry chocolate ganache topped with white chocolate buttercream, white chocolate chips a raspberry drizzle and chocolate shavings. 
 Smash cake - chocolate fudge cake, chocolate fudge filling, covered in white buttercream, with fondant accents
 Smash cake - chocolate fudge cake, chocolate fudge filling, covered in white buttercream, with fondant accents
 food was hidden under a plant pot
 Behind the refrigerator was dog food, scum, broken beer bottle and excessive lint/dust left by Tenant
 This is what happens when an empty dog food bag falls off the counter in this house. Ah, Beagles. 
  this building makes me think of pizza and chocolate...the two things i found under the bridge.
  this building makes me think of pizza and chocolate...the two things i found under the bridge.
 Cute little animal looking for food near our hotel building
 Koi fish swimming in the pond with ducks. The Shrine provides food so you can feed the fish
 Fast food road side caravan sign in the Waipoua Forest, Northland.
 A lone male turkey (at least two years old) is under the bird feeder eating the remnants from the morning's food.
 Cooking some pizza in the oven at home! Yummy
 Juanes, a typical food of the Amazon that involves steaming a mixture of yellow rice, olives, and chicken in a banana leaf. 
 From Roaming Dragon,  a street food truck in Vancouver.The sauce could to be more unique. 
 High-ratio white cake with coffee praline swiss buttercream. Draped in rolled fondant and painted with blue food coloring gel. 
 The vent / roof of my favorite pizza place (Santini's) by my house : )
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 &amp;quot;dark chocolate brown and cream over a krylon gold, stenciled onto Chinese red French paper 19&amp;quot; x 25&amp;quot;
 This huge thing was pecking at the back of the van window in the morning, guess it smelt the food inside.
 Decent chicken dinner house down in Burleson, TX. It's awfully dark and loud inside, but the food is great.
 Darkened pizza sign beside empty lot, Eighth Avenue
 The hard-to-come-by stove food in high altitude mountain provides lots of comfort and relief in the freezy weather.
 I put out some wet cat food and suddenly had more cats in the kitchen than ever before.
 designs in the martini glass made of white chocolate
 Advert for beach side take away food in Playa Ancon. Hut was deserted but the sign still stays.
 sitting on roof watching people near bar with food waiting for some
 Yummy pizza from one of the top pizza places in BA. This one had cheese, prosciutto, arugula, green and black olives.
 Yummy pizza from one of the top pizza places in BA. This one had cheese, prosciutto, arugula, green and black olives.
 Caught raiding the bag of dry cat food in the pantry when my back was turned!
 Cakepop in the shape of a chocolate covered strawberry.The cake was strawberry cake and the leaf is green fruit roll ups.
 Last minute Cherry Blossom cake.  Madiera cake with white chocolate ganache and covered in Marshmallow fondant.
 food court in top floor of wet market
 Sweet black sticky rice and eggSpicy dried fish sticksIvy longan drink (no good)Lotte 'Vessel in the Fog' chocolate bar
 My son Callum getting into a right mess whilst eating a chocolate ice cream near the Shambles in York
 Beer and food at the Pink Panther bar in the train station
 A butterfly extracts food from a flower in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia.
 0713_Puerto Vallarta_4692 girl in purple carrying plate of food
 4 tier Wicked chocolate mad hatter wedding cakeiced in white chocolate ganache and decorated in sage green &amp;amp; lilac fondant
 4 tier Wicked chocolate mad hatter wedding cakeiced in white chocolate ganache and decorated in sage green &amp;amp; lilac fondant
 best food in innsbruck - pizza at the train station!!
 best food in innsbruck - pizza at the train station!!
 The cats go crazy over a tub of wheat grass I bought at the natural food store.
 This cake was for a birthday party.  The cake was a butter yellow cake with a chocolate bavarian cream filling.  The cake is covered in fondant.
 Swan out on the grass begging food at the Quoile river in Downpatrick
 No editing here.A Filipino restaurant in San Juan serving tapsilog, pizza and their house specialty, chicken and pork adobo. 
 This poor camel was kicked off the road by a car. Passers-by gave him some water and food .....
 Lemon cake and vanilla buttercream cake pops coated in white chocolate :)
 Vanilla sponge cake crumb coated in white chocolate ganache...all decorations are fondant
 pizza with some really salty fish on top of it (those in black-ish colour)
 brooklyn white castle fast food joint - by the sea
 Teenage girl eating street food in the Old City, Shanghai, China
 No Mommy I have not been in the kitchen eating the cats food. 
 Walking the beach to go eat pizza, taking a little water break in Costa Rica
 Margherita pizza in the wood oven
 A black guillemot landing on the water with food in the Copeland Islands off Northen Ireland
 Best pizza house in Killington
 Under the rock - note the rounds in the floor - were used for food preparation - grinding chillies etc
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 The chocolate house and the white chocolate house in Stockholm
 The chocolate house and the white chocolate house in Stockholm
 Miette's classic turquoise, chocolate, red and white candies sitting pretty in huge jars on their shelves.
 Almond Crunch cake with Green Tea buttercream frosting, with a fortune cookie dipped in white chocolate 
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate mini cupcakes - customer wanted simple design in pink &amp;amp; green for girl's 2nd birthday
 Several options shown here. Cheese, pepperoni, Sicilian, fresh mozzarella and white pizza by the slice.
 The guy in the tower invents pizza later in the play.
 Ellen surprising the b-day boy Jorge with an actual chocolate cake baked by the porters
 Nice Furniture in the Rockefeller Group Business Center - Barcelona chair in chocolate brown
 theres pizza on those wood cutting boards in the car....its displayed in a window front
 All Punk bands who play in this neighborhood eat pizza here before theirs shows and sign the walls!
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 dirty old peterborough.  this is the view of my bedroom, of the food bank and, way in the distance, the bus terminal.
 the pizza oven in the cellar
 A geodesic dome bar serving pizza and beer. Colorado Route 96. Sangre de Christo mountains in the background. 
 6 fresh tomatoes dropped in water real wet with splash black background  food studio photography by Noorali Hirani
 Driving up and sitting in your car to have the food delivered was an interesting experience. 
 We live in a world where a pizza gets to your house faster than the police.
 of the pizza place, that is. i'm gonna be on the under with this sign next time.
 Reel pizza in bar harbor servies movies, pizza, and beer on couches.
 Reel pizza in bar harbor servies movies, pizza, and beer on couches.
 The bears come to see who is in the bear house (maybe they think we have food).
  Same flower as before, in it's bird food stage.
 Gorgeous fruit bar this morning with special food art done by DFAC1.
 Triple chocolate cakes are filled with chocolate buttercream.Iced in white buttercream and topped with red and black fondant accents.Thanks for looking!     :)
 Triple chocolate cakes are filled with chocolate buttercream.Iced in white buttercream and topped with red and black fondant accents.Thanks for looking!     :)
 from the legendary pizza place/club, presumably. they have their old countertop in the house susan used to live in. 
 The deets were done in black food dye in a spray bottle after I broke my back shoveling the walk. 
 Red velvet cake with cream cheese icing dipped in Belgium white chocolate
 This cake had large chocolate curls with white doves (icing) tucked in around the curls.  It was so lovely.
 My first PCB. A Ultrasonic transmitter/receiver for distance measurement purposes.Made in a reflow oven (a pizza one ;-) )
 some kind of turtle in a food bowl
 At the cool movie theater that serves food and you sit in old car seats!!!!
 Stand of Goodness (plus pizza oven in the background))
 We thought of filing a suit against Domino's pizza, as they gave chicken pizza in a Veg labelled box :-(
 We thought of filing a suit against Domino's pizza, as they gave chicken pizza in a Veg labelled box :-(
 Specific food from Lyon - FranceCruising dinner on the ship called &amp;quot;Hermes in Lyon , on the river of Rhone ( France).
 mashed potato pizza from bar in new haven
 just grab whatever is sitting around the house that coule work on a pizza, and call it a day
 Alvino under a mountain of grass he cut from up in the hills, cuy food
 Rachel getting stuck in, in the pizza kitchen
 They were rolling pizza in the window ... it looked good. 
 On the phone sitting in the dog food bowl. 
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 They had some nice looking pizza slices in the window
 ..from here she has all options open; door and food bowl in close &amp;quot;proxzimity&amp;quot;
 Some building while I was walking to the pizza place in North Carolina.
 another type of bird looking for food in the grass 
 pizza in the oven
 A couple of colorful tit-mouse are checking the food we put up in the tree behind the house.
 Dan immediately took charge of the hot plate due to his expertise in eating all things food related.
 Vrish, the Knight reaching out to Oven to bake pizza in kitchen at kidsville
 A pedestrian bridge near an arcade, water park, and good pizza.
 More fun in the sink while the pizza was cooking.  A great way to pass 16-18 minutes.
 an oven for making pizza in
 Goodbyes after our wonderful visit in Urfa, eating on the 'yer sofrasi' floor tables some great southeastern food
 proudly brought to you by Jamie Oliver.seafood risotto, chocolate, boysenberry &amp;amp; booze cake &amp;amp; some lovely red wine.
 One box of chocolate cake mix, one can of pumpkin, one egg, about 20 minutes in a 350 oven.  Delish.
 The bear box in camp, all food, drink and toiletries must stay locked up!
 bombest pizza and fried chicken in the bay...
 java got caught sneaking in a plastic bag for food
 An owner feeds his horse from a food bag in Luxor
 Melted Daffin's chocolate berry pie death, coming to a computer screen near you!
 From Kim Hargeaves book Amber.Yarn is Jo Sharp Alpaca Silk georgette in colour Maize overdyed with blue food colouring
 Red food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 Red food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 Colourful kites in the sky, sand sculpture contests, boat races, and a food festival are some of the highlights of the utsav 
 went got food and took this of the salt on the table in the house
 White paper boat, Red food colouring in green coloured water. Photography A-Level
 I ordered this after seeing a girl one table over having one.  VV mixed this with his chocolate :P
 Taken while at the Brussels Beer Fest. This is the sign above the door for the chocolate museum near Grand Place. 
 14 Half pallette of logs in the back of the pizza oven
 Queensland tourism bureau come around every night and tip a tub of blue food colouring into the water
 Obbbbbvvvvioussslllyyy.... there was bird food just out of shot. Before I get accused of crimes against out feathered friends.
 cat on the fishtank stand, she is relatively uninterested in the fish, more interested in the fish food
 Fay with empty pizza box in Utrecht Station
 high-waisted short-shorts, thigh high boots, acres of cashmere. eh ignore the pizza plate in the background.
 16 ceiling spouts disburse chocolate 14 feet above floor level and cascades into 25 handcrafted artisitic glass vessels.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Bird in search of food, flying around our boat in the Fjords.
 Delicious chocolate penguins in cute little santa hats. They're filled with a kind of white chocolate truffle - yummy!!
 Delicious chocolate penguins in cute little santa hats. They're filled with a kind of white chocolate truffle - yummy!!
 White chocolate clay tinted in blue surrounds any cake flavour.
 Never seen a vendor selling food and drinks on the water in a boat before. Excellent idea.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 View from BWP (blue water pizza) Queens warf table near the end off wharf 
 Dark chocolate cake mixed with vanilla butter cream.  Dipped in candy red and blue candy.
 all i want is pizza + beer.. in a hot tub.@ heavenly mountain resort
 A squirrel hugs a slice of pizza that it has pulled from a discarded box in Christ Church Meadow, Oxford.
 Banana cake soaked in rum, white chocolate ganache, and a rum bc with shredded coconut 
 Seen through a window, these two birds were busily hunting for food on the ground near a bird feeder.
 surprises in the pizza box
 40 lb bag of dog food that I didn't realize had a hole in it.  Fabulous
 boat street ktichen.  some of -- if not -- the best food in town. 
 pizza fiore - after baking in the oven
 These plentiful birds are sitting in a chair awaiting the discarded food container of a person eating nearby
 Pretty Thai girl selling food on Rambuttri street (near Khao San road) in Bangkok.
 making pizza - in it goes into the oven
 A tiny chair sitting outside a food market in Mexico City.  (The chair is probably a foot tall)
 This large wooden frame lean quietly against the wall of one of the busiest food center in town.
 M &amp;amp; M making a shaka sign chocolate cake fondant covered,with fondant blanket and fondant M &amp;amp; M pieces around
 Nass and Av drowning cascade in red and blue food colouring 
 pizza baked in wood fired oven
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 The only street food I found... packed in plastic boxes...
 Layers of Mint Chocolate Chip cake and Sprinkle cake.  Filled with chocolate.  Covered in butter cream.  Happy Birthday in white chocolate.
 Layers of Mint Chocolate Chip cake and Sprinkle cake.  Filled with chocolate.  Covered in butter cream.  Happy Birthday in white chocolate.
 Barbecue pizza with pineapple in the oven or on the grill
 best pizza in town; located under the brooklyn bridge
 Kees, bezig een te lang in de oven gezetene pizza naar buiten te werpen
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 half-eaten leftover pizza my roommate didn't want to finish.  Still sitting on coffee table in living room.
 2 tier cake surrounded by white chocolate sticks and finished off with fresh fruit.
 These dark chocolate ones are delicious!  I stash them in my desk drawer at work...
 The pizza at the lowly complex bar is better than any in Cruces.
 Check out the sign - mexican restaurant has the best pizza in Ketchikan!!
 Pebbles sitting in our cats food bowl to get to the dry food
 Pebbles sitting in our cats food bowl to get to the dry food
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 A dog tries to play with a plastic food carrier caught in the storm sewer drain.
 piece of food on plate in bedroom window - weird
 Pia and I ordered ninja turtle pizza at a restaurant in the capital. It was a fun meal.
 Pizza that was left in the oven for a long time. Burned pizza ain't that bad :9
 A Northern Mockingbird finding food in a field on the east mountain in Hamilton, Ontario.
 pizza in a box
 Brick oven pizza made in the Valle with local ingredients
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate.
 A super tasty vegan pizza made by Steph, with toppings of pine nuts, pineapples, and sundried tomatoes.
 timbermill corduroy no wale shirt in chocolate brown
 I had two Stella Artois and a chocolate bar for dinner.  The cat judged.Rightfully so.Sent via BlackBerry by AT&amp;amp;T
 A blue tit leaves the nesting box in search of food for its chicks
 Three tier chocolate cake encased in dark chocolate scrolls and topped with white roses.
 Three tier chocolate cake encased in dark chocolate scrolls and topped with white roses.
 Veggie pizza and chicken and bacon pizza from the Mellow Mushroom in Nashville, TN
 Veggie pizza and chicken and bacon pizza from the Mellow Mushroom in Nashville, TN
 A larger version of a beach party. This time big sister is in charge of the pink iced chocolate cake.
 the oven at california pizza kitchen....and the fire within
 base of the pizza made out of rice with ume and tuna in it.  from Sushi Bistro.
 Macro of water droplet in a kitchen sink full of colored food dye
 at the other end of the bridge is grimaldi's - they serve some of the best pizza ever consumed by moi.
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 Coffee ice cream in white chocolate tuile cookie bowl
 argyle pizza in oven
 Korean street food with rice cakes and odeng simmered in a red hot sauce.
 Sylvie adds water to the cat food in the car. She loves to work with the cat food. And the cat water.
 Sylvie adds water to the cat food in the car. She loves to work with the cat food. And the cat water.
 can't believe Buster almost fits in the box his ultra expensive non-allergenic cat food came in
 All edible cake decorated in theme of the Mexican Day of the Dead. Buttercream, white chocolate &amp;amp; fondant decoration. Sally &amp;amp; Elin
 pizza cart over the street
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 My love and a warm cup of chocolate in a poetto's bar
 a bird looking for food near a water fall in new jersey
 Rose stems placed in water with blue food colouring overnight.
 Putting pizza in oven
 Little balls of red velvet cake and buttercream icing dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy coating.
 They were playing rock paper scissors over some food.
 Minji biscuit with chocolate eraser in paper box (draw2)
 Eric looks a little concerned about chocolate ice cream by his white shirt
 the only street food I attempted.  fresh fruit dipped in sugar which dried to a hard shell.
 Luckily, no pizza oven was harmed in the beating of this pinata.
 my frist food in rement that wasn't a sweet.How cute it even came with a plastic take out box
 At Julio's house in Mudgegonga, making pizza in the wood-fired oven
 our first meal in Japan at a street stall outside the fish market in Tokyo, food was wonderful and filling
 Pizza Queen business cards resting in a pizza box wrapped in pizza printed tissue paper
 Pizza Queen business cards resting in a pizza box wrapped in pizza printed tissue paper
 The office ordered pizza in yesterday. From the chain Patsy's on 23rd Street.
 A person sleeping on a bench in Queem street Mall, Brisbane, perhaps after a fast food meal.
 Polkadot Red and white cake. Chocolate cake inside, with chocolate buttercream and covered in chocolate fondant.
 Polkadot Red and white cake. Chocolate cake inside, with chocolate buttercream and covered in chocolate fondant.
 pizza in the measure van
 Swedish pizza in its box (with a pizzasallad on the side). 
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Wood pile by pizza oven
 Heart made with cast sugar, resting on a heart shaped chocolate cake covered in a red ganache. 
 I try eating a Rocky Mountain Oyster at a pizza place in Estes Park.
 Mobile pizza oven for American Flatbread, Clarendon Day 2009 in Clarendon, Arlington, VA
 timbermill no wale corduroy shirt in chocolate brown
 Scott's wood-burning pizza oven in the living room
 The sky reflected in the melted chocolate, the cups and chocolate reflected in the silver pitcher. I love La Flore en l'Isle.
 The sky reflected in the melted chocolate, the cups and chocolate reflected in the silver pitcher. I love La Flore en l'Isle.
 The monkey found food in Mariko's basket
 Frothing green water 2 - bath &amp;quot;bomb&amp;quot; with green food dye dissolved in water on lightbox
 6&amp;quot; &amp;amp; 9&amp;quot; white almond cakes with white chocolate truffle filling. 12&amp;quot; spice cake filled with coconut cream. Iced in buttercream.
 My cat after his face was stuck in the food
 Brick oven pizza in the park
 At the fabulous American Flatbread pizza company... waiting by the fire for a table
 One of pair darting up and down the river and diving in the water searching for food
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Mum wearing her pink wellies in the bar of the Towers Hotel, Glenbeigh, Co Kerry, waiting for her takeaway food
 Chef using pizza oven in restaurant in Le Meridien Hotel in Chiang Mai in Thailand.
 Two Tiers.Bottom tier = yellow cake with raspberry buttercream. Top tier = chocolate cake with raspberry buttercream.Covered in green marshmallow fondant.
 Shot this picture sitting inside Pizzeria munching delicious chicken kebab or something by that name pizza.
 kitchen view walking in from back entrance, check out that oven!  Ami and Rob McNamara mowwing pizza and beer.
 halter dress in chocolate brown
 We saw a sign for rice pizza in Central and had to try it.  Interesting concept, and quite light for pizza.
 We saw a sign for rice pizza in Central and had to try it.  Interesting concept, and quite light for pizza.
 A chicken hangs at a butcher shop at a food market in Budapest March 27, 2009. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh 
 Great idea - dark chocolate cake covered in white chocolate as your wedding cake.
 Great idea - dark chocolate cake covered in white chocolate as your wedding cake.
 from the pierrot cafe in budapest (castle hill). carrot chocolate cake with orange sauce.
 They huddled when you dropped fish food in the water
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario.
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario.
 Me and my bf Danni girl at BJ's (worlds greates pizza place in the world) for my sweet 16
 The red faced monkey keeps an eye on the male while looking for food from the passengers in the train
 Murphy plants food in the flower pot
 This bird was tame enough that it would land on the table in the restaurant to beg for food.
 A cute monkey chocolate in the most amazing chocolate and fudge shop in Montville
 A cute monkey chocolate in the most amazing chocolate and fudge shop in Montville
 Straberry cake with Straberry filling and covered in MM fondant. The tatoo is white chocolate tinited red.
 chocolate cake balls in white chocolate...
 chocolate cake balls in white chocolate...
 pizza in oven
 Red food dye or coloring in a wine glass of water
 yum!  our pizza before it went in the oven
 triple vanilla brown butter cake left over from an order, with dark chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries...MMmmmm
 I love the one sleeping under a pizza box.
 after long walk at snow street there is nothing better to seat in cafe with bear and pizza ))
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Hot water in copper caldrons, food scraps in front stone caldrons (being cooked for animals).
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 I thought that this was a really cool picture. It's the wall of a pizza joint in Great Neck, NY.
 Students participate in a pizza &amp;quot;pie&amp;quot; eating contest in a Tucker Technology Center classroom as a part of &amp;quot;Pi Day&amp;quot; on Friday.
 We hung out by the water and chilled with many a swan and duck who were searching for food.
 Tipped over chair inside an old food building at the now defunct Rock-a-Hoola/Lake Dolores Waterpark. Newberry Springs, CA. [3-5-10]
 a view into Veraci's wood fire pizza oven by Januik Cellars during Passport to Woodinville, 2006
 this rather friendly looking bloke was on the plate i got the bill on in pizza express!
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 A doodle wall in a pizza restaurant
 All iced in blue buttercream icing, with chocolate brown henna style piping, also in buttercream.
 Up to no good at Nan's house in Halifax (notice the cat food, still in the bag - not for long!)
 pink hearts dressed in white chocolate
 fools day, green water from the shower, &amp;quot;black&amp;quot;soap, red water from the faucet, chocolate with mustard....payback time...a strange man in my bed
 Doggie bone cake for our vet. The dog &amp;quot;food&amp;quot; is actually cereal. The cake is covered in fondant and airbrushed slightly.
 Typical display of plastic food (really!) in a restaurant window
 Sock monkey cake, to match invitationCake is red velvet with dark chocolate buttercream. Covered in hand rolled fondant
 The office ordered pizza in yesterday. From the chain Patsy's on 23rd Street.
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate.
 Wood-fired pizza in the oven
 A young Ecuadorian girl browses while enjoying ice cream at the food market in Gualaceo.
 Thai chicken pizza from C.J. Maggies in Ashland, KY
 this is the result of smoking a bowl and then forgetting that i had a pizza in the oven
 my #1 taiwanese street food in taiwan - jumbo fried chicken steak.cannot miss it everytime im in taiwan.
 Soon, this pizza truck will be serving NYC style pizza in Tokyo!
 Soon, this pizza truck will be serving NYC style pizza in Tokyo!
 Kittens in the dog food bag
 Heerlijke pizza in de eigenbouw pizzaovennice little pizza in woodfired oven
 Heerlijke pizza in de eigenbouw pizzaovennice little pizza in woodfired oven
 bethany is cute in a pizza hat !
 Three tiered cake encaed in white chocolate panels with drizzle effect and decorated with truffels and roses.
 This dude was blocking the door to Catfish Biffs (greatest pizza in the land) with a very sour face.
 when renovation is treated as an opportunity-a whimsical colored roof flying over a wonderful market of food.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 White Chocolate Mud cake triple coated in chocolate, with chocolate bow and pink cachous.
 White Chocolate Mud cake triple coated in chocolate, with chocolate bow and pink cachous.
 beers pizza under a starry sky at cable beach
 just a plant in some random pizza place in downtown LA
 Range sticky and VERY dirty; wall (tile) around stove splattered with food; paint and writing is visibly worn. 
 This little mouse was eating all the chocolate in a shop window, really cute ^^
 the sign at Nick's &amp;quot;home of good food&amp;quot; bar on State Street in Madison, WI.
 Still alive, after eating the famous &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot; cake ;-) 
 Linux server in a pizza box
 ok pizza (not quite cooked enough), awful glass box monstrosity within the RFH.
 bathroom in pizza place
 20051120 - Misfit misc - 100-0008 - Misfit sits in his water dish while eating from the food dish
 The cat is eating the dog's food and she is doing everything in her power not to eat the cat.
 Melting the white chocolate over a pot of boiling water
 The bar is in the left corner. This is the opposite wall from the food.
 Two baby blue birds in a waxed pink flower with chocolate leaves, light blue feathers, pink striped ribbon
 The alpha male baboon grinds a piece of food against a tree trunk. North Carolina Zoo. Asheboro, N.C.
 The male Blue Tit with his blue beret hanging upside down in his search for food.
 Note pizza machine in background.
 A street cat is taking a nap near the street food vendor's owner.Yaowarat, Bangkok, Thailand. 2008
 Awesome dessert! :O Chocolate mousse and chocolate cake with passion fruit cream in a cookie shell.
 The food offerings at Jan and Charlottes party. That white dip in the middle in the clear bowl...heavenly!!
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 Order for a client - chocolate stout cake decorated by basket weave and sugar paste flowers made by friend
 PIT, the crazed corn exchange game, in a bar in brooklyn that gives you free pizza with every beer.
 only second one ever seen . stayed for the day only . feeding on bird food i put out  under tree
 Crochet tam in baby pink and chocolate brown acrylics.
 strawberry, passion fruit and sweet melona infused granites arranged in crunchy white chocolate ramekins
 eating street food in the car... again
 A person sleeping on a bench in Queem street Mall, Brisbane, perhaps after a fast food meal.
 Arabic food... delicious: rice, vegetables, green pepper, chicken and jalapeno!!!!! We are eating by hands... arabic way!!!
 nick's pimp cup (its in the pre-pimping stage right now) and his pizza plate.
 our new microwave in the office has a cold pizza button, I shit you not
 SoHO, NYC walking by a pizza place and saw this sticker on a mail box
 Die pizza verskil so bietjie van die wat ons by Mr Delivery kry.
 A dainty glass of intense green tea was followed by &amp;quot;chocolate, mandarin&amp;quot; for dessert.
 This lone duck kept following us around the water features at the Pacific Science center....he wanted food.
 The clock tower of the cathedral in Astorga, once the world's centre for chocolate.
 making pitas and pizza in the cob oven
 This is what my beloved cat Frosia usually does. Rest of the time she spends near a bowl of food. 
 If you look, you can see Rox walking into the center of the food court. She's in the white shirt. 
 Last pizza in Milan airport before flying back to Penang
 All the food in our kitchen, colour coded! Green for freezer, orange for fridge, pink for tinned and yellow for everything else!
 The open floor allows for fun times in the kitchen as food preparation becomes an event in itself.
 Almost got hit by a car for crossing the road for this pizza :)
 Emran and Masood eating home made pizza in my nice kitchen
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 Chocolate cookie covered in white chocolate. With an adorably cute bird mascot.
 spicy chicken pizza with cheese in the crust. I should ask how they did that with the crust. 
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Lois has a piece of pizza at a bar in Agnone
 Bozenkas chicken strips meal at the pizza place in Istebna.
 See, she lives! The food was up in the tree and we went on for our dusk beach walk.
 I saw this cat looking for food while walking through a small side street market in Hong Kong
 a plate full of little chocolate mice. For sale at the market in Zaachila Oaxaca.  They were tasty, too
 where a beach hut used to stand, a small bird scavenging for food in the snow..
 chocolate cake with buttercream filling...vanilla hand painted fondant...royal icing coral also hand painted...hand painted color flow ariel...fondant pebbles around base
 food coloring in a glass of water
 I was running errands between our place and 34th street and starving, when I came upon Waldy's wood-fired pizza!
 I love that she's carrying around her bag of cat food, lol.
 I color normal water with red food coloring and I made a work around with the background (reduce the satiation)
 A face on a wall in a pizza place in ogallala.
 ...life on the Library mall. This is the beginning of State street and people mill around the food carts and the fruit market...
 Two shades of blue buttercream with applique bird and branch silhouette in modeling chocolate and cherry blossoms in fondant.
 from a vending machine in a pizza parlor on Vashon Island
 Putting the pizza cookies in the pizza box
 Putting the pizza cookies in the pizza box
 california pizza kitchen in Arlington
 I was intrigued by the group of fish and the turtle begging for food at Lion Country Safari
 The best pizza in Pittsburgh, bar none.
 it's the best chicago pizza in the world.  and they have one in orlando and building one in tampa!!  WHOOT!
 Normal crust pizza base in oven
 late night pizza with some pretty ladies. this is the second pizza because kayoko spilled water all over the first. whoops! 
 late night pizza with some pretty ladies. this is the second pizza because kayoko spilled water all over the first. whoops! 
 NEWCarrot Spins. Light in the bedroom lights up, flap under dog food bowl, interactive dog bib
 peter looking happier at pizza port in solana beach
 Dusseldorf seven shopping centre. I like the lines and curves in the building. Nice food centre on ground floor too,
 It'd be even nicer if the bloody pizza box wasn't in the left corner.
 taken in a shop in kasauli. where dis cute puppy was sittin on d table waiting for his food.
 The result of food color in flower water. The brown and purple didn't work so well...
 pizza restaurant van uitgeweken Italiaan in Machala
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (3)
 organic banana chocolate whole wheat golden pig cake by wholesome cakes
 I think that's Anna Lisa making chocolate cake there in a plastic bag.
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 This is what happens when you have cat food in the kitchen and you leave the door open.
 A bag of crickets as unsuspecting bird food in Hong Kongs bird market.
 Vinny Vincenz mobile pizza and catering van in New York City.
 Covered in chocolate cake and blue icing after the cake fight.... priceless....
 A female mallard searching for food amongst seaweed on the beach in Golspie.
 M &amp;amp; M making a shaka sign chocolate cake fondant covered,with fondant blanket and fondant M &amp;amp; M pieces around
 French vanilla cake mixed with cream cheese icing, dipped in white chocolate, topped with sprinkles.
 Looking cute in pizza box
 Balls of red velvet chocolate cake frozen in melted chocolate and dusted with powdered sugar
 Balls of red velvet chocolate cake frozen in melted chocolate and dusted with powdered sugar
 Don't try this at home - Dan jumps the counter in search of phone book for pizza delivery
 Taken with black and red food colouring in water over a light box. 
 A young Haitian boy asking for food and water , Jamani, DR, Earthquake in Haiti, 2010
 Erica Kooda brought in this chocolate sheet cake with green frosting, winner of the &amp;quot;Best Penmanship Award.&amp;quot;
 i think they're not yet over the white chocolate cake fiasco at calea...  hehehe...
 A female blackbird foraging for food underneath my neighbour's discarded Christmas tree
 Maddie is eating her pizza while sitting in a chair Rita used as a little girl.
 Taken with red and black food colouring in water over a light box. 
 The bird on the tree in back was her baby and she regurgitated her food to it.
 The female was hatching in the nest and the male was giving her some food
 This small bar called &amp;quot;Reggae In&amp;quot; overlooked a busy street in Hongdae. Good drinks, good food.
 Hungry duck saunters over to table to see if he too can have some of the food the waiter is serving.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 The green metal box holds my food so that it cant get bugs in it.
 Chippy in his pizza oven
 s eating pizza at metroplex in long lost husker du shirt
 Molly kept putting her foot in the food bowl while drinking from her water bowl. 
 Molly the Mouse who lived in the flower pot with the food we fed her
 View from balcony looking out over trendy Dogma bar and nightclub.  Great food!
 A male eagle guarding the nest and looking for food.  Taken from a jet boat in the Eagle Preserve.
 place a glass bowl over boiling to melt chocolate
 Me eating swiss chocolate in front of the famous wooden bridge in Switzerland...
 Strawberry and chocolate cake covered in fondant.  Towers are made with paper towel middles and ice cream cones, covered with gumpaste.
 this rather friendly looking bloke was on the plate i got the bill on in pizza express!
 we didn't really want pizza...we just needed to use the bathroom and had to buy pizza in order to do so. 
 we didn't really want pizza...we just needed to use the bathroom and had to buy pizza in order to do so. 
 Un cielo azul sobre el chocolate rojo del desierto.A blue sky over the red brown color of the dry desert.
 Body is Chocolate Chip cookie cake with vanilla buttercream, head is pumpkin spice cake with caramel brown sugar buttercream, covered in chocolate choco-pan
 hz0692 aj2960 hershey road signs pennsylvania east chocolate avenue and cocoa avenue street signs in downtown hershey in the state of pennsylvania 
 Happy fish food man - my favorite person in Thailand.
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 This street food sign = you're in for a sweet warm treat!Shau Kei Wan, Hong Kong
 Yellow, chocolate and white cake covered in marshmallow fondant.
 Lap removes the SG pizza from the oven just in time for The Apprentice :D
 Me eating pizza in NY between Harold & Time Square
 Crete island, Greece, cat sitting in front of Mc'Donalds, waiting for customers to beg food 
 A hot pot restaurant on the Walking street in Changshu.  Very good food, and cheap!
 Brooke eating pizza in Dirk's chair
 The pizza clock in Roccos
 cake covered in ganache, with white chocolate truffle eyeballs
 Gray making pizza in the kitchen at Angel. He's got pizza making down to a fine art now! 
 Gray making pizza in the kitchen at Angel. He's got pizza making down to a fine art now! 
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 chocolate base cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with a white chocolate lattice.chocolate cutting cake with strawberry buttercream icing finished with chocolate coloured fondant wrapped in pink ribbon.
 california pizza kitchen in Guam open
 The guy in the boat is spraying fish food into the pen.
 Buttermilk cake filled with key lime custard topped with white chocolate cream cheese frosting rolled in graham cracker crumbs
 A White-headed Woodpecker searches for food on a pine tree in Stanislaus National Forest in Stanislaus, CA.  Photographed on 09/29/10.
 slightly inebriated at a pizza joint with the cat in my clutch. 
 cat in a pizza box
 Sundried Tomato, Pineapple, Capsicum &amp;amp; Olive Pizza with wood fired pizza oven in background.
 that's my white chocolate mocha.. in the mug bb gave me for my birthday!
 Hector delivering pizza from his rooftop charcoal oven to waiting customers 3 floors below
 Light in the back with bird food ball silently waiting for some birds to find it.
 put the pizza in the oven
 eric hanging out  in front of andrew's pizza in hood river
 A pizza vending machine in Helsinki!
 black cat takes over food ...
 I made my pizza with some chicken cooked in pinchos spices and Kalamata olives.  It was AMAZING!
 Buttermilk cake filled with key lime custard topped with white chocolate cream cheese frosting rolled in graham cracker crumbs
 three girls, baby food, silk and water in a pepsi glass (with lemon)
 Chocolate cake filled with marshmallow, dipped in chocolate ganache with pink buttercream
 Served in an Extra-Large yellow mug with whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Yum.
 finding a piece of cat food in the kitchen
 mad hatter style cake for birthday girl maddie. underneath the fondant it's devil's food cake with vanilla bean buttercream
 Layers of dark chocolate butter cake and vanilla bean butter cake with white chocolate buttercream filling, covered with  vanilla mousseline buttercream in a basketweave pattern.
 Layers of dark chocolate butter cake and vanilla bean butter cake with white chocolate buttercream filling, covered with  vanilla mousseline buttercream in a basketweave pattern.
 Frankenstein with a girl and a pizza, and a clear reflection of Frankensmith in the glass. Shot in a Pizza Hut.
 sign in front of the pizza cart.
 Greg Higgins from Higgins Restaurant cooked pizza in the woodburning oven all evening long!  Sustainable pizza for everyone!
 Greg Higgins from Higgins Restaurant cooked pizza in the woodburning oven all evening long!  Sustainable pizza for everyone!
 This pizza is so good!At my house in Toms River, New Jersey 8-23-10
 at the starbucks meetup before the NY show.  Note the black and white cookie in the communal food pile in the middle of the table.
 our favorite little pizza place, near the spice market and the Rustan Pasa Mosque
 Nicole carrying her pizza and beer in a bag
 I found this small wooden boat and put it in some water and used blue food coloring :)
 First fire in the pizza oven
 &amp;quot;around the house&amp;quot; this is vegetable oil and food coloring mixed with water in the bathroom sink.
 Yarn Dyeing Step 1 soak in vinegar water.step 2 dump in pot full of food coloring and water
 You'd be confused by a piece of pizza in a plastic ball too.
 Me with a basket full of tomatoes in the fresh food market
 pizza in the brick oven
 The kitchen at the Birdhouse.  Center of (too) many of our activities.  Note chocolate Christmas cake under aluminum wrap.
 Betlach's Store in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota is the building on the left.  It is now a pizza restaurant.
 In a pizza joint across the street from our hotel in Barcelona
 Getting closer.(wow, I can barely remember a time when the floor by the table wasn't littered with food crumbs)
 street pizza in the rain
 Italian sandwich from little pizza shop on the main street near the ocean.
 Stealing pizza from Matt Nuckols at a bar in Princeton, NJ.
 popeye pizza @ hot box pizza. i get it. in any case, it was quite delish.
 popeye pizza @ hot box pizza. i get it. in any case, it was quite delish.
 Beer n pizza in americana bar
 This is 1 Drop of water splashed into a clear bowl with Blue food coloring in the water.
 Fire in a pizza oven
 bbq chix pizza in oven
 Getting a fresh cup of Ritual Roasters coffee at the Outside In Five street food crawl in Dogpatch.
 food coloring in a glass of water
 the shopping bag is all cake  covered in fondant and chocolate candy  the shoes are colored candy 
 Offered in rose gold, chocolate diamonds,Palladium, Tsavorite Garnetand yellow gold yellow or pink sapphires.
 Korean women shopping for food an the sidewalk of a major road in Seoul.
 one in the dog food bowl
 Especailly after almost a year of sitting in the house full of water and food, completely untouched!!
 Lights and mirror at pizza shop in Platte River district, Denver.
 This is a dollhouse sized pepperoni pizza in 1/12th scale. It is in a paper box marked Joe's Pizza.
 Het meten van de pizza  alvorens tot aankoop over te gaan
 There's a sign up in my office announcing Diwali and traditional Indian food in front of it.
 Finnegan standing next to the dog food we donated to the animal shelter in honor of his 1st birthday.
 me reflected in the door to the gents in a pizza express in notting hill
 Mountain cake made of chocolate mud cake with praline buttercream, chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant.  Beautiful tree base provided by the couple
 Mountain cake made of chocolate mud cake with praline buttercream, chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant.  Beautiful tree base provided by the couple
 Mountain cake made of chocolate mud cake with praline buttercream, chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant.  Beautiful tree base provided by the couple
 There was another smaller pizza box inside this one...with no pizza in it. :(
 There was another smaller pizza box inside this one...with no pizza in it. :(
 juke box in promenade pizza
 Robin eating chocolate cake in snow
 Top floor of the food market is a cantine, here is the chef in action!
 tj eatin pizza in a shoe box
 prefers white cake over chocolate
 top of cake covered in white chocolate and dark chocolate rose
 top of cake covered in white chocolate and dark chocolate rose
 Soon, this pizza truck will be serving NYC style pizza in Tokyo!
 Soon, this pizza truck will be serving NYC style pizza in Tokyo!
 Lemon cake with lemon buttercream dipped in dark chocolate. Details are in white chocolate. 
 Lemon cake with lemon buttercream dipped in dark chocolate. Details are in white chocolate. 
 Christmas scene in the fish tank in my local pizza place - Pizzeria Ternana, Civita Castellana.
 Tons of cat food and fresh water left out for city strays. Photo by Casey Pitman
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Thre Regina Pizzaria sign in the North End.  Providing scrumptious pizza since 1928.
 Happy endangered butterfly food.  The way they (the buterflies) roll in in SoCal, until they build houses over this field too.
 The bar in the kitchen - almost ready for the food!
 This white stuff - nsima - made from maize flour and water - is the staple food in Malawi.
 at the forum.  The dog behind me is going to town on the cheese left over in a pizza box.
 A Pizza vending machine - pizza in 3 minutes. Brilliant.
 Plaid furry dress in red, chocolate brown, and beige.  Red satin inside.
 The only food in a house is on the table
 A beautiful street in Kyoto where Jaya and I had a picnic for lunch. Sushi and chocolate pizza for dessert.
 A beautiful street in Kyoto where Jaya and I had a picnic for lunch. Sushi and chocolate pizza for dessert.
 Delicious fruit smoothies in La Boqueria food market
 Fast food sign in Prague.  I am afraid that thier chicken might be too tough to eat.
 Eh, pizza street was better but papa johns is walking distance from my house, and pizza street is in st. charle's....so yeah.
 Eh, pizza street was better but papa johns is walking distance from my house, and pizza street is in st. charle's....so yeah.
 My Nan makes the best chocolate cake ever. Also a signature cup of tea in the background.
 hunter scraping around the empty pizza box hoping for crumbs!
 roses in several shades of pink and white roses, freesia, calla lilies, tied with champagne and chocolate brown ribbon
 always set a timer, when you put pizza in teh oven
 You would think a cat living in a bird food store would be friendlier. His name was Squeaky. 02-15-07_1925.jpg
 At a pizza bar right beside Trevi fountain
 The scrum for leftover pizza was so violent, a glass and a plate were shattered in the scuffle.
 a pizza oven for shirtsphoto by suke 
 just turned 4wks old 12/15/2010 put dry cat food in their box, started eating right away! 
 A christening cake for Hannah. Made with a chocolate biscuit cake and covered in white fondant icing and decorated with sugar paste
 I really liked the way the color in the ad posted on the pizza box complemented the browns and green.
 Yummy chicken and pineapple pizza baked by Thelma
 bomb ass shrimp and pesto pizza at Pizza Hut in Andong Korea. The chicken is good too ! wow!
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 self-made pizza in the oven
 Showcases full of Japanese sweets on the food floor of a large department store near the Osaka train station.
 yellow and blue food coloring in gray square pan...shallow water
 Mountain Dew sign for a pizza place in Wintersville, Ohio.
 Families sharing food with their dead.  The little girl in the white shirt was peeing, unnoticed, on the grave.
 Kami has decided to use food finder as a hot water bottle and lies up against him for warmth.
 On a shelf just above the pizza
 a huge pizza in the bag of a van (out with the garbage)
 for lost boys - lush perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee - in 1/2 oz amber glass bottle 001
 I was pretty impressed by the setting up a table on the beach and the serving of food. 
 A summer shower drove all forms of animal under the tree closest to the food...
 a lovely combination of Malibu coconut rum &amp;amp; Godiva white chocolate liquor.   ~Lift a glass in honor of Hedwig~
 Two Tiers.Bottom tier = yellow cake with raspberry buttercream. Top tier = chocolate cake with raspberry buttercream.Covered in green marshmallow fondant.
 They gathered below the resaurant's railing, fighting for food scraps. I think the black one and the white one have a grudge.
 Half BBQ chicken and half pepperoni pizza at the Mulberry Street Pizza in Encino, CA
 There were 2 seagulls was flying around and getting food on the top of the water
 Val in a pizza box
 Mad hatter 3 ttier Wicked chocolate cake in burgundy and white
 There's cat grass growing in some of these.. food for kitties as well as food for me!
 There's cat grass growing in some of these.. food for kitties as well as food for me!
 The turtle lives under my steps, we feed him cat food.
 A bit of food in Japan. Some green bread, a very flat pizza and a chocolatey thing.
 A bit of food in Japan. Some green bread, a very flat pizza and a chocolatey thing.
 The bathroom attendant in a Missouri pizza joint
 I got distracted by the pine tree and forgot pictures of the food. 
 kitchen view(notice the fortune cookie, leftover from last week take-out chinese food, sitting in the fruit bowl, alongside with the apples)
 The cake was devil's food, two layers. Here it is covered in white fondant.
 Playing a game in the dog food container. Finding the metal cup and throwing on the floor. Followed by Rosie laughing. 
 Sugar cookie with Ghirardelli white chocolate and sugar topping, packaged for sale in cellophane bag tied with ribbon.
 Dasher looks great in Annie's vest....Adam would later find himslf lying on a box of pizza extreme....yep, doctors.
 Spent the day in my delicious PJ's watching The L Word &amp;amp; eating chocolate cake! Note the cuddly dog hairs.
 Building my clay oven for pizza and bread. Stomping in the mud!
 10&amp;quot; white mudcake with chocolate swirl, layered and covered in white chocolate ganache.This was the last cake order for the year!
 10&amp;quot; white mudcake with chocolate swirl, layered and covered in white chocolate ganache.This was the last cake order for the year!
 Don't leave chocolate in your bag on a hot day at the beach 2
 You add hot water (to warm up the food) into the corked hole, and the plastic animals float around inside.
 The best pizza in Pittsburgh, bar none.
 Nicole and Lindsay eating Hunt's chocolate pudding in the bathtub at midnight.
 water slide above a pizza restaurant
 Pita bread being cooked in an outdoor pizza oven
 The haunted house cake at Sugar - 9 pounds of chocolate and sugar in this cake.  OMG.
 Hole in the wall pizza guy
 Some food colouring in a bowl of water swirlling around
 Getting ready to make pizza in a italian kitchen in the north suburb of Milan, Italy.
 Having a pizza lunch in an open window with the Colosseum in the background.
 J.shan and I decided to try the largest NY style brick oven pizza in RI tonight. It was Ginourmous!!
 bridge we saw while walking to chocolate museum in cologne (koln), germany.  rhine river i think.
 A beautiful white chocolate crane surrounded by red roses adorns the captain's table for the naming ceremony.
 Late night s'mores in a pizza box for the girls
 Found this cat inside a convenience store beside Schwartz's sleeping on a chocolate bar display case
 fast food,the horse should be in the front of the car
 french vanilla cake with white chocolate truffle filling iced in fondant. 18' tallcindyscakery@ymail.com
 24 White Christmas (chocolate cake dipped in white chocolate ganache and sprinkled with candy cane crumbles and topped with a candy cane).
 24 White Christmas (chocolate cake dipped in white chocolate ganache and sprinkled with candy cane crumbles and topped with a candy cane).
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 A dog sitting infront our table waiting for left over food.
 A baby bird nests in the Walgreens sign while its parent flies to find it some food!
 Ithaca self portrait with 18" pizza box in front of the clock museum at night (DSC04079)
 This is detroit bridge from the windsor side at about 3 in the morning eating pizza down by the river.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster. 
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster. 
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster. 
 The best pizza truck in all of NYC
 brown bear looking for food in a glacial fjord.
 chocolate cake &amp;amp;vanilla buttercream. Sage colored flower in fondant.
 Real wood burning pizza oven in Napoli
 Stained glass door of a chocolate shop in Barcelona. January 2004.
 A famous pink building (Baumberger Turm) in Regensburg (first floor is a food store)
 A little pizza in a little kitchen hah
 Lemon syrup cake filled with white chocolate cream cheese frosting, covered with white chocolate ganache under fondant. Gumpaste ballet slippers.
 Lemon syrup cake filled with white chocolate cream cheese frosting, covered with white chocolate ganache under fondant. Gumpaste ballet slippers.
 standing in the food bowl
 An important bee food plant in a forest fallow. It is called Vernonia auricularia.Photo by Munyuli Theodore (Dec 2006)
 dog food in a bowl on a white background
 Yeah, it looks like a big plate of mud pie, but really, there's chocolate cake under all that glaze.
 peace &amp;amp; chocolateonly these two ingredients can help us remain my PMS...(chocolate cloud cake by Nigella Lawson - delicious!)
 in california pizza kitchen
 Usa, texas, hill country near hunt, mourning dove on ground looking for food
 drzc dharma house kitchen in the aftermath: so much food, dishes &amp;amp; wine to clean up
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Half sheet cake - 1/2 chocolate and 1/2 yellow covered in buttercream.  Cast iron John Deere tractor and plastic fence and trees.
 I had late night pizza at this bar in Interior, SD
 Traditional dress and food are still easy to find in the market of Urabamba, near Pisac
 Fake plastic Japanese food, on display in a restaurant window
 chocolate truffle cake covered in Tiffany blue fondant finished off with silk paper effect fondant and a matching Tiffany bracelet
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 Abstract photo accomplished by putting a blue drop of food dye into water and watching it permeate throughout.
 mini chocolate cake surrounded by cupcakes, perched in a puddle of ganache.  Kinda resembles a bear paw.
 A Sanderling (Calidris alba) searches the sand for food along Rockport beach in Rockport, TX.
 Cool bike pizza delivery we saw in the Beacon Hill area of Boston.
 Day 343: Amazing brick oven pizza at Diavola Pizzeria in Geyserville, CA
 very good fish tacos!  juice bar &amp;amp; milkshakes homemade. all the food is good.  on middlefield near 5th
 It's Pizza Friday in my house :]My mom and dad are beast at making homemade pizza.
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 This is outside the window of the pizza place in Lansing. 
 cheese cake with chocolate butter cream topping and filling, and chocolate bar around
 cheese cake with chocolate butter cream topping and filling, and chocolate bar around
 Deb in the pizza bar at the Mews.
 Ant in dirty pizza mode.
 From Roaming Dragon,  a street food truck in Vancouver.Great combination of duck meat, herbs,peppers,Sesame and nuts.
 Devil's food chocolate cake filled with white chocolate buttercream then coated in dark chocolate ganache.
 Devil's food chocolate cake filled with white chocolate buttercream then coated in dark chocolate ganache.
 Devil's food chocolate cake filled with white chocolate buttercream then coated in dark chocolate ganache.
 Devil's food chocolate cake filled with white chocolate buttercream then coated in dark chocolate ganache.
 Waiting for a pizza in Biarritz before heading down to the beach
 pizza in a cup
 special bag with chemicals in it to heat up the food. just add water
 Emma's marshmallow-hot chocolate - a sweet comfort after our car broke down on the highway in pouring rain
 Crap food, tour bus trap. Don't eat here while in Istanbul. Vonali Celal. Ear fish market.
 One of the fruit trees planted in Caswell Park as a part of TransitionCowichan's regional food forest initiative.
 Brownies for the kids Easter dessert table - edible grass from target around the side with chocolate transfer carrots
 Gorgeous fruit bar this morning with special food art done by DFAC1.
 Deb & Scott eating pizza in Rome
 bookmark i made, pink paisley top, and a chocolate brown backside, about 8&amp;quot; by 2&amp;quot;
 pink flower in chocolate day
 grilled chicken gizzards by street food vendor on sidewalk in Thailand
 Sitting above the cabnet door where the cat food stuff's kept... looking for a quick afternoon snack!
 Sarah and I at the pizza bar the first night in Phnom Penh
 Looking down from our balcony at the food been loaded onto our ship in Fort Lauderdale, Thursday April, 23rd, 2009. 
 $40.00  The incredibly popular 'spy' bag in brown signature fabric with dark chocolate brown braided handles and trim. 
 My guitar surrounded by my pink bed-end, cd's, an empty wine bottle and an old pizza box.
 Yellow cake petit fours covered in white poured fondant with chocolate filligree designs 
 The lake was full of fish looking for a treat (there's a little dispenser full of fish food near the lake). 
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Creepy stained glass in the pizza shop
 A great pizza restaurant. Pizza Roma in Etaules. There is a water feature through the blue pots. 
 The guy in the blue shirt helped unload the truck and build the food wall. 
 Heerlijk eten bij een van de eerste pizza restaurants in Napels: Brandi
 grandma's chocolate yellow cake (baked by Leslie)
 After our lunch, our server put my leftover pizza in a foil basket
 The flowers arrived in a box on Valentine's Day, along with a pretty red vase and flower food and instructions.
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 Dark and white chocolate marble mud cake covered in dark chocolate ganache and decorated in fondant.
 Dark and white chocolate marble mud cake covered in dark chocolate ganache and decorated in fondant.
 Dog begs to lick pizza box and crawls in to get all crumbs
 night after pizza dinner, the guitar hero session beginsthis is Edo performing + paparazzi in the background
 Manula's naan baked on a pizza stone in the oven
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario
 these cute ducks will follow any person that walks by hoping to get food.
 Roy seems to be more interested in the turtle that's behind Alex than the food on the table
 The flavors were yellow cake, chocolate cake, red velvet cake and peanut butter cake, all dipped in chocolate.
 The flavors were yellow cake, chocolate cake, red velvet cake and peanut butter cake, all dipped in chocolate.
 The very first Waitrose  was opened in that ornate building on the right, now a tacky pizza takeaway
 our dinner from the pizza van in Arles
 &amp;quot;Honey mustard sauce topped with house blend and swiss cheeses, ham, and fried chicken strips.&amp;quot;  The best pizza in town!
 &amp;quot;Happy Birthday Amanda&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Amanda Birthday&amp;quot; Amanda Birthday Beautiful Girl breakfastinbed breakfast in bed french toast fruit and mimosa - food
 the gang waiting for fresh food in the bird house diner ;) 10 2009
 he jumped on our table while eating to beg for food.  I live in the weirdest place.
 McCormick food dye combined in a glass of water
 His face was covered in green birthday cake, and yet he was still able to eat the chocolate cake too!
 A 3 tiered chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in rolled fondant and topped with a hand made monkey ballerina.
 Vanilla Butter Cake with Vanilla Buttercream under a layer of rich chocolate fondant and swirls of pink and green polka dots
 A pizza bar in Sardinia. On the night Italy won the World Cup 2006
 The food here was FREAKIN DELICIOUS! and it's ON the beach to where your feet are in the sand
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Our take-away pizza's .. on a round of cardboard in a plastic bag ... Noice!Pizza Hat, Lamai
 'Mr SUSHI' original japanese food, caricature with long beard and eyebrows, neon sign with reflection in glass window, prague
 Yodeling in my apartment in sunglasses and an iPod while slicing my telephone with a pizza cutter
 frozen pizza in a truck zoom X3
 Colin trash talking me for eating his pizza in Turtles in Time.
 More plastic food, with street reflected in window
 Shelonda, Lennea and Trish @ some bar in Kansas City that sold pizza by the slice in the back.  Awesome.
 Cyndi modeling her reusable &amp;quot;green&amp;quot; shopping bag from the local food market in Tel Aviv.
 pizza in the oven
 someone walked by with this plate of bbq meat sandwiches.. don't know what food truck was selling these. 
 Behind the refrigerator was dog food, scum, broken beer bottle and excessive lint/dust left by Tenant
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 california pizza kitchen in california. this is the real deal :)
 my food. chicken bombay at restaurant kama sutra in the red light district.
 Poor girl with her son on the street in Mumbai. She didn't beg, but asked for food in exchange for the photo.
 Aftwerwards, munching on pizza and standing by the Silhouette Cafe fore a bus that never comes.
 Room service spares no details, even for pizza and Coke. White linens, fancy glasses, even a little flower in a vase...
 california pizza kitchen in CALI!
 A bird patrols the beach lookinf for food  at sunrise on the Biloxi beachPhoto by Robert Jordan
 peach crumble in a pretty red pot served with a chocolate beer
 2-D Zoo print in chocolate with light blue fleece and brown lettering
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 maja's 1st day in KY. i took her to california pizza kitchen for her 1st time.
 This cute little house was by the cafe where we enjoyed a hot chocolate before going home.
 red food colouring dyed mystery roving first dip in the pot
 Amazing brick oven pizza at Diavola Pizzeria in Geyserville, CA
 Of hoe je de smaak van een pizza in een pretzel kan introduceren...
 Flames in a pizza oven
 3 small chocolate fairy men &amp;amp; woman are standing in a chocolate shop window in Bruges, belgium
 3 small chocolate fairy men &amp;amp; woman are standing in a chocolate shop window in Bruges, belgium
 A new restaurant affiliated to the Camper shoe company sells only food in ball shapes...
 A Roman pidgeon enjoying pizza and a bottle of red wine in Rome, Italy.
 Chocolate mud cake with royaltine base and surrounded by milk chocolate mousse.
 The lorikeets visit the banksia in the morning. They even come begging for food on the kitchen window sill
 The pizza in the kitchen just before Edwin dresses it up
 On the wall above the food table
 milk chocolate passion fruit mousse cake by Thomas Haas
 in a bus shelter on Broadway. I found the food scattered on the ground kind of odd.
 Tackle box and bass are dark chocolate cake covered in buttercream icing and  then marshmallow fondant. Fishing Baits are molded marshmallow fondant.
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 010. Alan enjoying his pizza in a cool bar in Bad Arolsen!
 Bfde part 2. Soccer and food at black swan in bed stuy
 a chocolate bar in each glass
 This is what happens when you put pizza pockets in the oven and then fall asleep...
 Chicago.  Note the guy hanging out the window in the pizza place building.  
 chocolate labrador puppy, 5 weeks old, sitting on straw by box. white background.
 frozen pizza in a truck zoom X1
 A pig digs up the ground in search of food on a farm in rural western Washington State.
 never a dull moment in a pizza box
 warm chocolate base and white blonde under bangs, its rogue meets lady gaga hahaha
 Wicked chocolate cake with cow in field
 rainbow. it seems the pot of gold is somewhere over by hot 'n' fast, the pizza joint
 healthy frozen hot chocolate in the cutest little cup and saucer and extra in the cutest little glass carafe
 The cat was looking at the bag in my wife's hand. I guess he thougt there was food in it.
 below ground food market in Xiamen
 hz0691 aj2959 hershey road signs pennsylvania east chocolate avenue street sign in downtown hershey in the state of pennsylvania 
 Pumpkin spice cake mixed with cream cheese buttercream, rolled into balls and dipped in white chocolate
 This male bird hung around for food and chased off all other birds
 Sofie's setting up a fake tree for the birds to train them in searching for food on it
  every friday is pizza night, baked on a pizza stone in a 550 degree oven
  every friday is pizza night, baked on a pizza stone in a 550 degree oven
 jake grabbed the food bowl and it fell to floor so kc was near to clean up....so was jake!  
 The locking mechanism on our &amp;quot;self-cleaning&amp;quot; oven has no override function once engaged.  Our pizza was trapped in there!
 Vanilla cake covered in white chocolate poured buttercream. Accented with black and white flowers.
 Black bird looking for food in the shallow lagoon water
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Which went in the chocolate fruit cake my sisters were making.
 Pensacola, by Adee Licious, note actual bag of dog food holding bass drum in place
 this was by far the best pizza of this summer.you can get one at zandvoort beach
 White Cake with whipped chocolate icing in basket weave topped with white chocolate covered strawberry's
 White Cake with whipped chocolate icing in basket weave topped with white chocolate covered strawberry's
 a bird eating pizza out of marthas hand in venice:)
 Paulie Gee's brick oven pizza in the old Paloma space on Greenpoint Ave. 
 Kind of like standing on a corner, guitar in hand, with a sign: I'll play for food.
 Collectively owned pizza kitchen in berkeley.
 We just got a new bag of cat food, Ruby was all over it.
 cute tabby cat that came around looking for food at spring ranch
 Passion fruit cream enrobed in white chocolate, ginger caramel, mandarin sorbet
 Puff in a pizza box at Fritter's birthday party
 basil... the easiest plant to grow in the world...... and assure you a good pizza and/or tomato sauce
 the best pizza in Cape Town ... really!cooked in a wood-fired brick pizza oven
 the best pizza in Cape Town ... really!cooked in a wood-fired brick pizza oven
 brooklyn bridge,under the bridge is the best pizza in NYC
 The pizza oven in perspective to the kitchen.
 What looks to be a woman in a dress holding a baby. Really is food dye in water :)
 the pizza place directly across the street wants in on the action
 My little sister reaching happiness as the car reaches the food window in automac. Mom's behind her.
 There was a huge fire-heated pizza oven in view where she is looking
 thats a chocolate flower I made, and there is mango, kiwi and strawberry coulis over the fruit and for the dots
 duct taping our fridge shut because we tried to fit a whole pizza box in it. 
 Warren eating pizza in the market
 Classic street food, down and dirty on the streets at Central near Soho.
 Reflection of a can in a bowl of water coloured with black food dye
 The kitchen is still packed away in boxes, so it's pizza delivered from Southside Pizza. Kids didn't complain.
 Checking pizza in the kitchen
 Sister's dog and cat have food peaceful co existence. It must be possible in the mid east. 
 Electric oven and refrigirator, dish and food cupboards, sink and kitchen table, new base cupboards in 2002.  Shared by 4 rooms
 Thomas just got some fruit from the food container in the ground
 insanely packed pizza party in our kitchen
 near portobello market - pizza tray!
 the best pizza in town @ time market
 &lt;i&gt;Photograph by Slice reader Dan S.&lt;/i&gt;Regina's neon sign beckons hungry pizza seekers, who are rarelyput off by the line.
 I hear they have good pizza. And back home we'd never see pizza delivery by bike - tre cool.
 I hear they have good pizza. And back home we'd never see pizza delivery by bike - tre cool.
 From the San Diego Zoo of a Polar bear sleeping in food bowl. 2007
 My parents have a pizza oven in their cellar.
 Cheeky bird who would steal food off of the table at the Xugana Lodge in the Okavango Delta.
 pizza in de nieuwe oven
 Graffiti on a wall just outside a food market in Barcelona.
 Sitting in the pizza box
 Cat food, dog food, cat feeding (away from the dog) all in one location.  What a concept!
 Cat food, dog food, cat feeding (away from the dog) all in one location.  What a concept!
 The shell is white chocolate with fudge poured for the holes.  The cake is roughly six inches in diameter.
 These cut flowers were already blue when purchased. I then added blue food dye to the water in the vases.
 pizza baking in the oven
 Here is evidence of the little pig with pizza residue all over his mouth.
 chocolate cake iced in light purple fresh cream, decorated with white and yellow butterflies and flowers.
 Photogrpah taken of a food market near the river
 Pizza made on leftover, homemade whole wheat buns.  Here they are cooking on the pizza stone in the oven.
 20110121-02-Barbecue chicken pizza at Sandy Bay Woodfired Pizza in Hobart
 joey's house of pizza is in walking distance!
 MMMM.  Baby food in cute horse or cute bunny flavor.
 lol our microwave broke so I had to reheat my plate of food in a cake pan! lol
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (5)
 Lined up at 10:30 for Grimaldi's- one of few coal oven pizza joints still left in the country.
 this raccoon was in my house eating the cat food
 The cat from next door - very keen to come in and try the food
 Normal crust pizza base just after being in the oven for a few minutes
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Little balls of red velvet cake and buttercream icing dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy coating.
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 With added stove and microwave! And food, and Andrekitty, and chair we use to sit in to talk-n-eat.
 Me & Ryan eating pizza in dining room
 great pizza - the symbol they use (oo) is also a toilet sign used in Germany, hmmm
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 This is the farmers market in Westwood.  We're on our way to the pizza place to grub
 8&amp;quot; carrot cake with white chocolate and cinnamon ganache.Inspired by many great nautical themed cakes here on Flickr.
 this is our pizza and i'm wearing a hat and scarf in the middle of june
  Grey Squirrel near bird table (I leave out food most of the year)
 A  closed book made of chocolate cake and raspberry creamCovered in chocolate buttercream and fondant
 A  closed book made of chocolate cake and raspberry creamCovered in chocolate buttercream and fondant
 This pizza shop is located within the bar in the back.  Great setup for a pizza shop.
 This pizza shop is located within the bar in the back.  Great setup for a pizza shop.
 people waiting in line for a table at pizza paradiso, our neighborhood pizza joint back in dc.
 people waiting in line for a table at pizza paradiso, our neighborhood pizza joint back in dc.
 large deep bowl 10.5&amp;quot; x 10.5&amp;quot; x 5.5&amp;quot;the interior of this bowl is chocolate brown (tho it looks black in the photo).
 peoples in kitchen waiting for the pizza
 fire in pizza oven
 He was literally 'strutting his stuff' for hours non-stop, near the little pizza shop by the water in Dublin Zoo.
 red velvet cake with raspberry filling and cinnamon cake with chocolate bavarian cream.  All covered in ganache.
 Coffee at the bus terminal cafe - with Judit and Balazs and hammocks in the background. Delicious chocolate cake here. 
 need to find another solution for the dog food (currently in the white plastic bin).
 My 2 pizza bases in the oven
 timbermill no wale corduroy shirt in chocolate brown
 Haircuts, laundry, food, shoe mending, more food, spaceships - everything you need under one roof at Google
 Haircuts, laundry, food, shoe mending, more food, spaceships - everything you need under one roof at Google
 Her days may be numbered.  But, but, we cooked pizza in the convection oven after selling the stove to friends.
  Sidewalk tile sign for Arnaud's an eating instution in the French Quarter.  Very pricey, great food and a tradition.
 the end of a big night in (plus me off screen rolling on th floor moaning from chocolate over-dose)
 House mouse spotted in the garden, climbing up the fence to eat the bird food  :)
 Half BBQ chicken and pepperoni pizza at the Mulberry Street Pizza in Encino, CA
 brooklyn field trip:  black bean avocado pizza at vinnie's in williamsburg.
 Fine, not really.  He needs his fluffy bed and his yummy food, no foraging in the forest for him.
 They empowered the pizza box and Bondy's eyes made pretty cool effect in the owen's door :)
 ew ew ew pizza vending machine in a university hall. what strange visual design.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 playing around with camer at pizza hut table
 Zeek loves to run in the house and find remnants of cat food in Jazzy's dish.
 Irish boy finds green chocolate in Japan!
 Caper's only birthday gift -- his head in an empty bag of dog food. 
 Pop putting a pizza in the pizza oven
 Pop putting a pizza in the pizza oven
 fish food in an edible box
 Chocolate mud cake with royaltine base and surrounded by milk chocolate mousse.
 capuchin or white faced monkey leaping through the trees in search for food.
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 Chocolate cake and white chocolate cream cheese frosting, mixed together and then dipped in a chocolate candy coating. 
 Pebbles sitting in our cats food bowl to get to the dry food
 Pebbles sitting in our cats food bowl to get to the dry food
 Stack of fused glass plate (nappies) with an art glass heart  chocolate handcrafted by Hulet Glass. 
 Part of our birthday party was walking over the Brooklyn bridge after eating at this little pizza place.
 first pizza in my oven
 Strawberry cake with white chocolate ganache icing surrounded by lady fingers and covered in chocolate covered strawberries
 Strawberry cake with white chocolate ganache icing surrounded by lady fingers and covered in chocolate covered strawberries
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Old card on left.  Candy cane box covered in paper on right.Secret pal gift of chocolate!
 The white bits in the water are food.
 This was a 1 Second Exposure hand held in an alley near pizza street
 Blue Jays partaking in cat food--taken through window
 happy 25th birthday, kim!  candles in chocolate cake from the green gateau
 Photo of Charles in cat food bag after adjustment of highlights and shadows
 "Long Wong's" pizza and wings...chinese people making pizza and chicken wings...this makes sense only in Phoenix...lol
 "Long Wong's" pizza and wings...chinese people making pizza and chicken wings...this makes sense only in Phoenix...lol
 I was in the kitchen getting the cat food
 Pizza and beer party for friends husband's birthday...sugar cookies delivered in a pizza box
 This poor camel was kicked off the road by a car. Passers-by gave him some water and food .....
 a strange box in the middle of a field of sheep that was filled with food for the dogs.
 The food is actually underneath the ledge this pigeon is standing on!! Perfect duck height
 Sleeping in the cat food bowl
 A pot of flower sugar cookies in a chocolate cake flower bed complete with gardening tools
 water droplet in the kitchen sink. added some blue and green food coloring too.
 Orange glass plate with art glass spider chocolate handcrafted by Hulet Glass. 
 Thanks God it's friday, dinner eating pizza and ... I'm in loooove :) 
 Old, old sign behind a pizza shop in town.
 amazing pizza oven in the basement!
 Newborn size. Made in country 12ply. Dyed orange and yellow with food colouring. So simple and so cute. 
 Dome in the huge market in Valencia that is one of the oldest still running food markets in Europe.
 the best brick oven pizza in the village
 food spread in the kitchen // pre nye dinner party at my house
 Tour Lake Nicaragua baby stayed in tree while mother came on boat for food
 It was big enough for a table for eight, with room for kitchen crew to bring in food comfortably.
 beneath the pizza box was a tiny world of spring.i really love earth worms. &amp;lt;3
 taken using red food dye in water
 chocolate truffle cake covered in Tiffany blue fondant finished off with silk paper effect fondant and a matching Tiffany bracelet
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 emily got our food bag stuck in a tree for some reason
 Woman and boy study menu at food stall in night market in Tahiti.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 Three layer chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache, crushed white chocolate and melted white chocolate, surrounded by cocoa-dusted chocolate balls.
 the pizza plate polka dots are in full effect
 chocolate cake with swirl designes., fondant disc., for &amp;quot;Happy Birthday&amp;quot; written in brown paste color.
 The closest to eruopean style pizza i've found in the states... Bonus points to the restaurant for tileing the sidewalk  San Francisco
 Pizza ready to go in the oven some is &amp;quot;white&amp;quot; pizza and some is &amp;quot;red&amp;quot;  still fun!
 i met sean in a pizza place on beaverton hillsdale highway 5 years ago.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 A boy at a food stall in Manila (Quirino highway , Quezon City).
 Red-bellied WP male & female get food for young in nest
 Black & white African Traditional wedding cake in delicious chocolate cake
 This bus functions as both a food kitchen and a church for many homeless people in Potrero Hill.
 white chocolate mocha with cream in christmas cup
 in the bathroom at Punch pizza
 First pizza in the 750 degree oven
 Putting the pizza in the oven
 Cooking pizza in an oven on the bbq.
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 creapaway show up to yr door with food &amp;amp; a wireless credit card machine to pay by credit card 
 Focaccia made in the pizza oven topped with truffles.  This was great together with a slice of marinated eggplant.
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground  taken from top of the back of hill
 wine on shelf in Seville pizza hut
 white teeth with chocolate cake all over his mouth
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 G-free pizza base topped w/ basil, tomato and Cheezly, made by my bf's sister at their Mother's Day lunch
 This picture was taken moments before I suggested that we throw our leftover pizza in the library dropbox.
 the pizza cake janie and i made in foods!
 This was a glass flower that there is food in that the butterflies could come and go and eat.
 Iced Star Sugar Cookie, Heart shaped cake and chocolate mousse served in a flower pot with a daisy
 Vanilla bean cake soaked in a raspberry simple syrup.  Filled with raspberry preserves and white chocolate buttercream.  
 This guy cruised up and down the beachfront road in Cha Am selling hot food to beach goers.
 Vanilla cake truffle mixed with vanilla buttercream frosting, and dipped in pink chocolate with white chocolate drizzle for a new mommy!
 Vanilla cake truffle mixed with vanilla buttercream frosting, and dipped in pink chocolate with white chocolate drizzle for a new mommy!
 pizza in oven
 in the alley where the old store was for years. now a pizza shop. sign remains of the past...
 Didn't have time for Mushroom Ravioli, so got 'vegetarian' pizza instead, with Esme's 'Italiano' quote in plastic box frame.
 It's all about the butterfly temp tattoo and the cheesiest pizza in town!
 Strawberry cake dipped in white chocolate.
 chocolate log cake in box
 Vanilla sponge cake with white chocolate around the edges.  Truffles placed on the top.
 We had a delicious time gorging on @eglantinescake's white chocolate mud cake recipe.  We had them in cake and cupcake form!
 Stop on the road between Alexandria and Cairo in Egypt...the white chocolate mocha was goooood!
 Pink damask toddler dress in 18-24 mos with chocolate brown bunny embroidered in pink thread with a pink button eye
 Homemade pizza night at the Langford house. Baby girl even got in on  the action.
 The nest in the wall was being guarded by the male pigeon, and titbits of food were brought in by the female (foreground)
 felted sweater, in burgundy turned into a bag. double pocket outside, with chocolate brown accents and yellow buttons.
 in the tower (food) building
 Ramona Hills. Looking north from the side patio near the pizza oven
 It's strange to see a road sign in which is written to not give food to wild boar!
 Not interested in fruit. Little girl wandering about in front of the fruit counter at the food court, United Square
 Giant pizza thing at the market in the old Jewish square
 jake eating chocolate cake in the new shirt i just got him!
 grilled chicken on a street food stall in Thailand
 Drawn on a pizza box by Ben Syverson, Jon Cates and Jon Satrom
 plus the pizza sandwiches that surrounded by cake from Jimini, my pizza supplier
 plus the pizza sandwiches that surrounded by cake from Jimini, my pizza supplier
 In the window of a Mexican food market in Castro Valley, CA.  
 The bar at Psycho Suzi's, best pizza and tiki drinks in town.
 Baked this pizza in a terracotta pot on high heat...
 little boy watching manamana on telly in the back of the food truck
 Large chocolate and vanilla layered cake in a book shape. The cake is covered and decorated with fondant and buttercream icing.
 Amazing brick oven pizza at Diavola Pizzeria in Geyserville, CA
 Inatesso pizza bar in NYC
 food coloring in a water bottle
 Pizza Farm's oven which made delicious pizza in about 5 minutes.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 Lemon cake dipped in white chocolate with star sprinkles.
 pizza in oven
 The Pi pizza truck (@PiTruckSTL) parked in front of my house.
 Frankie in the Waldy's pizza box
 It cost  2RMB for a bag of fish food, but the fish were eating just about anything thrown in the water.
 Palm tree whose seeds are sprouted in riverside sand beds, and used for food
 The girls hanging out in the car while Tori grabbed the pizza (Tori is at the back window)
 one 8&amp;quot; to 10&amp;quot; pizza in a ziplock bag (whole pizza): +200 panda pts
 one 8&amp;quot; to 10&amp;quot; pizza in a ziplock bag (whole pizza): +200 panda pts
 Daniel holding a pizza box of what we had for lunch in front of the state house.
 Baby cake for a one year old.  I was inspired by the book whimiscal cakes and practiced chocolate transfers.
 Momma Cat sneaking her face into hole in bag of dog food
 Atharva serving pizza in pizza kitchen
 Atharva serving pizza in pizza kitchen
 Pizza in the pizza oven
 my favorite bag at my favorite thin crust vegan pizza joint in the mission
 A pink rose surrounded by little hearts of chocolate, jelly and other materials lying on blue satin fabric.
 Jenna in the pizza box
 waking up to a breakfast of champagne & chocolate halva in the lion tub
 Deep fried pizza dough, served in a bag of powdered sugar.
 built-in desk where we keep mail and our keys. underneath are the dog food containers. this leads into the laundry/pantry.
 A little blue heron sails across the open sky in search of food at Chincoteague.
 Another view of Nassau.  The bird in this photo a moment later stole an entire plate of leftover food.
 Lounging in pizza box (runner up 10/52)
 playing under the table at the pizza joint
 Playing around with food colouring :)strobist: 1x sb600 through white paper camera leftexactly the same camera right.
 a sunny day in Hackney! and the flower market...,  just need a beer and a pizza at the globe... great day!
 The theme is raw food. I made this cake for a wonderful person in my yoga class for his b'day.
 Sagrada Familia  church has been being built for over a hundred years, this is a pizza joke about it ok
 There's a hallway in the train station mall in Kyoto that was basically the mecca of plastic food.
 3 oz cupcakeYellow cake batter baked in paper muffin cases topped with melted dark chocolate and crumbled white chocolate.
 3 oz cupcakeYellow cake batter baked in paper muffin cases topped with melted dark chocolate and crumbled white chocolate.
 This hen likes to come in the house (at my aunty's) and sit on the phone, while eating cat food.  
 Blythe in broken white knitted dress with chocolate braun crochet belt and tiny buttons
 came across this trying to get in one of the buildings.  chair, dog food, and door leading into the abyss.
 18th birthday celebration box in chocolate & pink
 Playing with Granadad.  I made him line all the food up on the shelf that runs under the dining room table
 basil... the easiest plant to grow in the world...... and assure you a good pizza and/or tomato sauce
 condor flying over the pizza pizza
 condor flying over the pizza pizza
 These gorgeous and manic animals were frantically running around and jumping in water waiting for food.
 My Sister eating pizza in NYC
 in a pizza house near yuan ming yuen
 Alfie sitting in his food bowl
 White Mud cake covered in white chocolate ganache then fondant. Handmade fondant emblem.
 Samuel and I reflected in our kitchen sliding glass door.  Eva's art work and dog food behind me.
 My chocolate orange cookies are in the oven, and our house smells like Ben's Cookies. 
 chocolate cookies with napoleon sitting beside the fruity cake
 a female Black Woodpecker searching for food. Photo taken at the Mansion building in Ultuna (Uppsala) Sweden.
 Top tier: German chocolate cake. Bottom tier: Chocolate cake with mocha buttercream. Covered in white chocolate fondant.
 Top tier: German chocolate cake. Bottom tier: Chocolate cake with mocha buttercream. Covered in white chocolate fondant.
 Seemed like you could throw a stone in any direction and hit an Italian restaurant or pizza joint. Mmmmm. 
 Deb in the pizza bar at the Mews.
 Three tiered chocolate cake encased in a white butter icing separated with dark red roses and truffels.
 More snow on it's way...felt like I needed some color!This is blue food coloring in water with orange back-lighting
 i imagine kitty is telling me to enjoy my mini microwave chocolate cake in the shape of her face!
 pizza muffins cheesing over in the oven
 The biggest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world and also one of the largest wholesale food markets of any kind.
 returned from market with food - tied 2 green bags together &amp;amp; draped over seat of Aprilia Leonardo 
 Here is a bird friend sitting in a tree of his favorite food
 house design inspired by pizza hut
 butter pecan cake with vanilla buttercream, dipped in white chocolate.
 Pizza My Heart at Bay Street in EmeryvilleBest chicken &amp;amp; bacon pizza ever!
 Large Bull Elk finding food under the pine tree in Yellowstone National Park.Yellowstone Livingston MT 12 07 632
 Chaplin, sitting in a box that previously held a case of his ridiculously expensive food. 
 train station down by the lake shore, has been turned into a pizza place, very popular
 The grease left by the bar pizza
 Chocolate cake with white chocolate filling and iced in butter cream .All the decorations are made with chocolate 
 Chocolate cake with white chocolate filling and iced in butter cream .All the decorations are made with chocolate 
 Artwork hanging on the wall at the pizza place near the office.
 My bowl of food at my house in Mattoon, Illinois on February 28, 2009. (Jay Grabiec)
 Self mirror image in a pizza shop
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Lemon cake and vanilla buttercream cake pops coated in white chocolate :)
 The fish at the hatchery went crazy after I threw some fish food in the water
 The market street.  There's good street food in this area.
 A sculpted 3-D teapot filled with white chocolate butter cream frosting and covered in pink and purple fondant.
 guinea pig in food bowl
 Water in clear, glass dish.  Flash bounced off dark blue construction paper.  Water drops colored with pink food coloring.
 Fruit cake at the chocolate bar of the Cadran Hotel: best desserts in Paris! You gonna love it...
 Barbie on flower bed over 2 Tier chocolate  cake
 pizza in the street
 green velvet cake/creamcheese icing enrobed in white chocolate
 Lana Turnermodels By Shane.Scarf by LaBoutique.Credenza and chocolate brown chair by Maryann Roy of &amp;quot;Welcome Home&amp;quot;.
 After I got my picture taken, my day followed by a nasty small pizza and a cup of bad coffee....
 Polaroid of a food market in Dublin taken from a window in the national photo gallery.
 decarbonizing my lambretta muffler in my pizza oven
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 a random pizza bar invited us in
 the tea cup that the Dormouse is sitting in was made from white chocolate
 Look carefully...there's black bear in the picture...he's eating our food.
 Amol in Madison, circa 2002 in the house above toppers pizza
 bookmark i made, pink paisley top, and a chocolate brown backside, its about 8&amp;quot; by 2&amp;quot;
 Offered in rose gold, chocolate diamonds,Oalladium, Tsavorite Garnetand yellow gold yellow or pink sapphires.
 Oh what fun it is to open a pizza box in good will.(:
 Pita pizza in the toaster oven
 car in her acting cute mode again.tasty looking err...dunno what soupy food. but nothing beats mine can.
 in the kitchen making pizza
 water with blue food colouring dropped into it.......then colour adjusting done in photoshop.
 sign in pizza hut
 No chicken heads or feet in this dog food.  Hope my dog is cool with that
 boy choosing chocolate bar in store
 chocolate cake covered in homemade vanilla marshmallow fluff sprinkled with fruit flavored mini marshmallows. 
 sushi, fruit salad, triple chocolate cookies with belgian chocolate chunks and white wine in the garden.
 sushi, fruit salad, triple chocolate cookies with belgian chocolate chunks and white wine in the garden.
 Display cake made for window decoration during our Chocolate festival. Core is foam, covered in chocolate and bead decorations.
 becca, jackie, and christine in california pizza kitchen 
 corn in the pizza oven
 A male Pacino cardinal sitting under the bird food.  Best viewed large.
 &amp;quot;This guy put the other pizza in a cup place out of business.&amp;quot;
 This red plate is tiny...these really are cinna-minis.This plate is not the one I put pizza on...to the right in set.
 carved pirate ship cake iced in chocolate buttercream. cindyscakery@ymail.com
 Wood fired oven cooks pizza in 90 to 120 seconds.    
 A fruit stand in an open air market in Kilkenny where we bought food for a picnic.
 Faces made with lunch items based on a randomly selected expression.&amp;quot;Bemused&amp;quot; food &amp;amp; paper on plate by Caryn Persinger
 making pizza in the new kitchen
 embroidered pillow in chocolate brown and china blue, lovebirds
 Cute boy sitting across from me at a picnic table in the food court. ;)
 pizza break, Janice in Panama hat
 The lava field of Hawaiian volcano Mona Kilauea, like a pizza left in the oven too long
 the sign above the kitchen where the food had been prepared
 salami, onion and green chili pizza at Bella Citta in Busan, Korea
 I was wandering around while waiting for my pizza - BBQ chicken &amp;amp; bacon, yum.
 An interesting door on a pizza restaurant in Grammercy.
 Valentines cake bites in chocolate and red velvet
 Five weeks on a shelf in a shed, no food and water when found
 Partaking in regional food (Cinque Terre white wine and pesto) on our hotel balcony
 pizza factory in lone pine
 pizza in a bottle
 Handmade sign in pizza place - Shelburne Falls, Mass.
 jambalaya (california pizza kitchen in beverly hills)
 Seagulls looking for food flying low on the beach in Largs, Scotland
 A Moustached Antpitta (Grallaria alleni) searching for food along the forest floor in the Tandayapa Valley of Ecuador.
 They had a special oven to make pizza in South Ethiopia where we camped close to Lake Abiata
 Giant muffin cake in 'pink' white chocolate polka dot 'case' with roses, blossom and butterflies
 here i was experimenting with oil, water and food colours in a glass again... its like a new universe!
 Praying Mantis was hunting for food in my flower bed and posed for a few images before continuing the hunt.
 A male and a female duck looking for food in the shallow water.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 sitting in dog food dish
 Hanging on the wall of one of the best pizza places in Chicago.
 Enjoying some Cuban food near wall street
 This little bird kept flying around us and landing on our table trying to eat our food. 
 nice food, chicken in red creamy curry 
 chocolate cake with caramel filling and vanilla buttercream, covered in fondant with hand made pink and white fondant roses and green leaves
 191/365One of these things is not like the others is the theme of the day in my pizza box of various piecing projects.
 fire in pizza oven
 A very colorful and elaborate sign beckons in Leavenworth, Kansas. I love Thai food.
 stopped in for water and got a great shot of the pizza oven
 Twenty pizza rolls in the shape of a peace sign
 Pete is still very much interested in fake food.  We got him a fruit basket for his birthday.
 Slice being pulled from a cheese-rich pizza pie, against black b
 Art glass strawberry dipped in glass 'chocolate' and decorated with white chocolate glass 'frosting'. Handcrafted Art Glass by Hulet Glass.  
 book clubbers watching the book trailer for our new book candor by pam bachorz (and, yes, eating pizza in the computer lab!)
 Golden brown and delicious.  We gave in a bought a pizza stone, the best $19.99 we have spent
 Louie, Romeo, and Vinny waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 On the way back home from thr mountain had pizza at Pietro's in Hood River.
 Lenny loves all kinds of boxes. Here he is in a pizza box and he spent sitting there for hours!
 The white Ibis is a common wading bird in Florida, hanging around in groups by water to catch their food.
 she had pizza sauce ALLLL over her face that i cloned out.
 Hand knitted beanie with 100 % recycled wool in dark chocolate brown and lemony yellow and green.
 Heart Wicked chocolate cake iced in ganache with red & pink fondant hearts
 One book is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant, the other is vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream, covered in fondant.
 One book is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant, the other is vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream, covered in fondant.
 One book is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant, the other is vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream, covered in fondant.
 One book is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and chocolate fondant, the other is vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream, covered in fondant.
 red velvet cake tries to escape when you encase it in molten chocolate
 Plymouth Harbor: Duck looking for food in the little river by the bridge
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Clam, seafood and chicken soup in a tea pot with sea food stock to drink in the tea cup!
 The fish just push right up under the swan and the duck to get to the food
 A quick chance opportunnity to grab a photo of this bird landing to get some food while walking around Paris
 Vanilla cake pops covered in white chocolate with various decorations
 I was waiting in the car while my hubby went in for  pizza at Yala's...
 pizza making in the oven
 Giant chocolate turtle cake for my sons 22 years birthday.Inside is spongecake, strawberry mousse, chocolate cake and chocolate turtle ganashe. Covered in sugarpaste.
 Giant chocolate turtle cake for my sons 22 years birthday.Inside is spongecake, strawberry mousse, chocolate cake and chocolate turtle ganashe. Covered in sugarpaste.
 Giant chocolate turtle cake for my sons 22 years birthday.Inside is spongecake, strawberry mousse, chocolate cake and chocolate turtle ganashe. Covered in sugarpaste.
 fish stalls in the food market
 Here in NYC, the pizza delivery guy on the bike actually delivers to a picnic table in the middle of Central Park
 Chilling in the kitchen eating more pizza.
 This male white-breasted nuthatch is bringing food for his young family impatiently waiting in a nesting box nearby.  
 This is a dollhouse sized pepperoni pizza in 1/12th scale. It is in a paper box marked Joe's Pizza.
 Ella was wel wat ongeduldig toen bleek dat die pizza eerst nog in de oven moest
 My beautiful little girl with chocolate all over her face
 who can resist a cute boy with a heart in his hands  (chocolate would be better, but it would have melted)
 beach trip sept./oct. of '07, at this whole in the wall italian resturant. food is fantastic though!!
 Roger Hyam, feral cat thinking outside pizza box, sampled by #barcode09
 Stall near fish market---Note the dry ice on top of the plastic food containers
 Revenge for locking my chair to the wall. Nothing left but a pizza box in his cube.
 Flooding in Delaware.  The employee were standing outside this pizza restaurant with a sign that said they were still open
 the river & the chocolate house in Bern
 mexican food on the bar by the windows we ate spicey chicken and pretended summer would never end. &amp;lt;3
 it belongs to a building which resemble the white house in us! good environment with nice food
 street cat in lecce, italy. hoping for food in a trattoria.
 Another chocolate rolled cake in gift bag
 pizza express.Good italian restaraunt in cornmarket street
 selling eggs and dog &amp;amp; cat food in the same store...
 Linux server in a pizza box
 Tiny car spotted on the way back from Cibreo (NOT the best food in Firenze by a long shot).
 A bar that served incredible pizza and sold electronic records in the basement.
 Jelly fish @ the pizza pie shop in Boise ID.
 in a metal bowl over a barely simmering pot of water. Step One of flourless chocolate cake.
 Snapped this from a pizza box tonight, when over at a friends house. It was quite tasty.
 Claire who just nicked a slice of pizza of guy in green
 Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go
 Yummy fruit cookie pizza made by Ms. Amanda.
 we made pizza dough and this was the left over that luke made into a hat
 This fiberglass pizza man sign is in the town of Rochelle, Illinois.
 the pocket in my dress serves as my cupholder. ....as i fill my plate with food! yay!
 April 2010 Pat's classroom. Flower on right was once white but is in a vase of blue food coloring.
 The Djema El-Fna square comes alive in the evening with the food stalls, the fruit and nuts and the orange juice sellers.
 A duck dives for food in disturbingly red colored water.
 Chocolate cake mixed with vanilla butter cream, dipped in chocolate fondue.  Each ball is covered with different colors of vanilla fondant.
 is one of the pizza places people in the house order from....they're kinda lazy
 Wiener dog got his head stuck in the handle of a food bag
 paula in the west pizza house
 punk rock pizza in Berlin
 The local tree rat, confirming the coast is clear in order to raid the birds' food...
 August 1940, London, England, UK --- Collecting kitchen waste for pig food in London during WWII. --- Image by
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Large pink chocolate cake baked and donated by my friend Andrea Hubert (baby not included). 
 Green food dye with a red background and Christmas paper underneath the glass pie plate.
 here's how Pudding hogged the food bowl today.  sitting in there for ages.  :|
 a colorful cow at the Hershey chocolate factory in Hershey, Pennsylvania
 Shot through glass at my sister's house in Dunfermline, squirrel stealing the birds' food as usual.
 Kees, op het punt een te lang in de oven gezetene pizza naar buiten te werpen
 Symbols on a glass door of a chocolate shop in Esplanade.
 French vanilla cake blended with coconut puree, pineapple juice and dark rum, dipped in white chocolate.
 here i was experimenting with oil,  water and food colours in a glass again...
 Jen's pretty bouquet consisted of stargazer lilies, ivory asiatic lilies, chocolate cosmos and a bear grass cage over all.
 While Jun and Carlos, behind schedule, plate their food in the kitchen
 on the hawaii food tours - hole in the wall tourlychee is a fruit grown in southeast asia.
 24 pieces each red velvet &amp;amp; death by chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting &amp;amp; royal icing monkey toppers.
 pooie in a pizza box
 All the details are modeling chocolate and the cake is frosted in gray buttercream that's been dusted silver.
 Chuckie Cristofono standing at the grill. The pizza oven is in the foreground.
 gorgeous vintage childs riding hat in an unusual chocolate brown velvet 
 cute tag in aqua and chocolate...love the paper flower and fun fibers!
 Notice the red reflection in my eyes. That's the Hot Lips pizza sign ~ big red lips...
 confusion over a pizza box
 Across the street from Burger King is Val's, the best pizza in Nebraska.  Period.  Don't argue with me.
 those carrots were all in that bowl of food she's eating
 FEBO- a street food machine in Amsterdam
 Koi fish aren't exactly fighting fish but boy do they go crazy over some fish food
 chocolate cake covered in homemade vanilla marshmallow fluff sprinkled with fruit flavored mini marshmallows. 
 The people on the bridge threw fish food and they would swarm around us
 Italian food is much different over there. (That's a sleeping cat in a pie dish.)
 my cat in a dog food bag
 This is the wholesale market for food in Dublin. Notice the fish motif 
 Dog has furnished apartment in back of a truck ~ dog house, food, Cool Whip, jumper cables
 Pumpkin spice cake mixed with cream cheese icing, rolled into balls and dipped in white chocolate.
 A street in the chocolate box village of Pontrieux
 Dogs cry because a bird is eating their food above a misspelling
 All wrapped and ready, chocolate dog cookies in a gift box with a band of paper and pooch paws.
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 pizza with oregano in kitchen
 All the classrooms participated in the pumpkin decorating contest! Parents voted and the winning classroom got a pizza party.
 at california pizza kitchen in boston
 chocolate mousse log cake in transparent box
 2 tier wedding cake covered in white fondant with blue gumpaste orchids and chocolate brown veins &amp;amp; leaves.
 The fish literally come out of the water rolling over the top of each other when they think food is coming. 
 pretending not to look so our photographing of the oven in the birthplace of pizza feels less conspicuous
 chocolate cake from the prolific oven in palo alto
 Christmas cakepops.  Double chocolate and raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate.  Red spotted buckets available from My House in Newport
 Christmas cakepops.  Double chocolate and raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate.  Red spotted buckets available from My House in Newport
 A friend's chocolate brown Labrador swimming in Maine pond. Labor Day weekend 2006.
 chocolate labrador dog hiding in grass
 Probably a food market building in Kowloon. Precise location unknown. Dated circa 1969.
 The girls were using food color in spray bottle to spray the snow. MB wanted a red face on Sam.
 Another sleek Hershey's vending machine in McGonigle, Ohio. This one features a Hershey's chocolate bar in the front, with almonds.
 Gum tress have either white flowers or pink-red flowers and many flower in winter to give food for native birds.
 I found a small street of great houses in Columbus.. interspersed with motels, mid-century office complexes and fast food.
 pizza making at market in ballard
 A cute painting on the wall of a little pizza restaurant my family ate at in DLRP. 
 One of the oldest building in town. Elegant and romantic restored 1873 Victorian bed and breakfast. Also one of the BEST food in town.
 Book display in the window of a Dollar General store near our local pizza place. 
 Ginger poached pears dipped in white chocolate sitting atop chocolate flourless cake rounds. 
 Ginger poached pears dipped in white chocolate sitting atop chocolate flourless cake rounds. 
 Eating pizza and drinking beer at a German bar in Thailand
 Chocolate fudge cake filled with sour cherry filling.  Surrounded by dark chocolate cigarellos, chocolate shavings and red candy hearts.
 Chocolate fudge cake filled with sour cherry filling.  Surrounded by dark chocolate cigarellos, chocolate shavings and red candy hearts.
 we save our food ends to give to nancy's chickens. everything in the chicken bucket is green right now.
 Preparing duck in a food stall on the street
 Standing in front of the bear food box
 Eating pizza in front of the duck pond.
 At a loving house in white chocolate factory.
 pizza a casa pizza bianco 2 in oven
 pizza a casa pizza bianco 2 in oven
 This is in the bathroom of one of SF's best pizza spots. 
 pizza oven in de sneeuw
 pizza in oven
 for lost boys - lush perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee - in 1/2 oz amber glass bottle 001
 The alpha male baboon grinds a piece of food against a tree trunk. North Carolina Zoo. Asheboro, N.C.
 1/22/2010 - We had friends over for mexican food, patron, rock band, just dance and old year book photos.
 Feed My Starving Children children food box in the kitchen
 I saw this sign (written on a pizza box) on the side of the road. I visited Boracay in 2003. 
 7 inch lemon cake , with strawberry filling and iced in white chocolate ganche.Accents made with white chocolate fondant.
 7 inch lemon cake , with strawberry filling and iced in white chocolate ganche.Accents made with white chocolate fondant.
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 i made a chocolate chip cake, by combining my mother's fruit cake recipe, and dark chocolate.it was apreciated!
 Chocolate cake with raspberrry filling wrapped in chocolate to make a box for holding chocolate coated berries.  
 Chocolate cake with raspberrry filling wrapped in chocolate to make a box for holding chocolate coated berries.  
 that this trophy went to the one with the two guys sitting in armchairs and eating pizza
 car that crashed into mr pizza on washtenaw in ypsi
 Michaela had a blast making pizza in the kitchen at the Phoenix Children's Museum.
 Some variety of duck or other goes base over apex in search of food.
 A girl doesn't need a boy to be happy; chocolate tastes better anyways!  Created by Meagan, 13.
 Tunis roving dye by Joanna with wilton sky blue food paste dye mixed with highlighter yellow colonial.
 Devin dips pretzels in white chocolate, as the big bottle of JIM BEAM sits in front of him.
 Inside the Victorian house pizza parlor in Breckenridge, CO.
 Best table in the house...right beside the kitchen where all the food and drinks were.  Their role&amp;gt;&amp;quot;Taste-testers&amp;quot; daw. 
 These ducks kept eating the food I was throwing down for the fish.  You can see all the fish below them.
 dancing by the river and eating pizza; multi-tasking
 traditional food. The pink things in the corner are flower petals. 
 This stray dog on the beach in the morning was looking for some food.... sea food
 This stray dog on the beach in the morning was looking for some food.... sea food
 Locals shop for food on the food floor of a large department store near the Osaka train station.
 Locals shop for food on the food floor of a large department store near the Osaka train station.
 One drop of food coloring in a glass of water and a macro lens.
 That's a pizza delivery van in the foreground
 This poor red tail was just looking for food while being harassed by another bird
 Minutes after the truck pulled into the driveway all four dogs were in the kitchen begging for food. There's a shocker.
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (7)
 Lunch at the Ambo.  No, there wasnt pizza like there usually is in Houghton... but there was cake
 at pizza di rock in merrit island florida
 pizza van in union square
 chocolate ladies top with golden child print in gold.This shirt is available to buy at the site
 watching a guy in a funny hat play an incomprehensible japanese video game that involves jumping food, check
 Cheese pizza by yellow light
 Offered in rose gold, chocolate diamonds,Palladium, Tsavorite Garnetand yellow gold yellow or pink sapphires.
 A 3 tiered chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in rolled fondant and topped with a hand made monkey ballerina.
 Chocolate cake and chocolate margarine icing (all no dairy) and fruit flavour 'Smarties' eggs. Taken by me.
 A bird hops around the bird table hunting for food!
 After Gary's Dinner Luke hears Granddaddy's electric mixer far off in the shop mixing the dog food with table scraps
 We got dropped off at a little market in Casablanca to buy some water and food. 
 chocolate &amp;amp; fruit cup from arguably the best ice cream place in kreuzberg
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Notice the animal perched on floor in preparation for quickly picking up any food that may fall on the floor.  Moocher.
 A galah searches for food in the grass at Armidale, under a threatening sky
 wall painting in a pizza place - &amp;quot;in crust we trust&amp;quot;
 hand made pizza mini crusts with pizza sauce, pepparoni, and mozzarella baked in cup cake pan. the kids loved these
 hand made pizza mini crusts with pizza sauce, pepparoni, and mozzarella baked in cup cake pan. the kids loved these
 The cat tries to hide in the cabinet after making a mess with his food on the floor.
 Granddad in back, our older son - father, birthday girl and brother eating pizza before cupcakes
 Seb meditating by the pizza oven
 Max Brenner- the chocolate culture-  the sign above the  kitchen
 Red velvet cake with cream cheese icing dipped in Belgium white chocolate
 Our homemade cake and frosting....on a stick....covered in white chocolate :o)
 dessert tray: toffee blondies with cocount, chocolate cake with fresh raspberries, fresh fruit served in phylo with mascarpone cheese
 Charles in bag of cat food photo after adjustments of highlights and shadows
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 eating @ pierre's in downtown. they are famous for their pizza. it was green because of st. patrick's day.
 Houhai, a bar and restaurant area in Beijing. Recommend Hutong pizza located here.
 massive vegetarian pizza being prepared in the kitchen
 wild food adventure in forest park w/john kallas: water leaf
 France:  The russet-red squirrel seeks in grass try to find some food fallen from the tree above.
 Vietnamese coffee ice cream, a mocha cake with syrup, a coffee pudding like dollop in a chocolate cup
 I made pizza in a pot over a charcoal fire!
 Red food dye sitting on washing up liquid in water
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground  taken from top of the back of hill
 Fake food in the window of a Japanese restaurant.  Mmmm plastic octopus!  You'd never know it's not the real thing.
 Chocolate cake wrapped in chocolate.  Topped with fruit
 note to self:  don't leave cat food in the car on a hot day.  your car now smells of cat food.
 note to self:  don't leave cat food in the car on a hot day.  your car now smells of cat food.
 A cat climbing the fence to get to the food dish in the Emu pen in the Ein Gedi Botanical Garden zoo
 The cabinet to the right of the stove has vertical dividers inside for cookie sheets and pizza pans.(Photo by Coastline-Studios.com)
 My Uncle's dog, Mazie, sitting under the dinner table hoping for scraps of food...
 waiting to go in "pizza planet" aka california pizza kitchen for a bday party
 waiting to go in "pizza planet" aka california pizza kitchen for a bday party
 Playing with water in the sink while cooking a pizza.  Added some red food coloring.
 Playing with water in the sink while cooking a pizza.  Added some red food coloring.
 This is food coloring &amp;amp; water in a spritzer bottle over some stencils. I have gessoed over parts of this.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Large chocolate and vanilla layered cake in a book shape. The cake is covered and decorated with fondant and buttercream icing. 
 The sign warns, &amp;quot;Caution: Active bear area. Do not approach bears. Do not leave food visible in your vehicle.&amp;quot;
 Place in an oven, on a pizza stone, as hot as the oven will go (mine's 550F}
 Guys cutting up chicken at Famous Ben's pizza in Soho, New York City.
 At a pizza joint down the street in Moorea
 this cat lives at the food not bombs house in richmond virginia
 P king duck in the great hall of pizza
 A female blackbird enjoying an opportunistic bath in a rain filled discarded food container in my neighbour's garden.
 The ground cayennes in my mini kitchen aid food processor
 For a baby's 1st birthday! yellow cake filled with buttercream and covered in chocolate fondant
 Top tier yellow cake with jam filling, bottom tier chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling.  Decorated in buttercream icing and Toblerone for castle wall.
 Top tier yellow cake with jam filling, bottom tier chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling.  Decorated in buttercream icing and Toblerone for castle wall.
 A 10 inch white cake covered in chocolate buttercream icing accented with blue icing decorated with sugar hearts
 thin yummy pizza after roaming the market in Tel Aviv
 Lilliputian table in a field of pizza
 A pair of pelicans roaming in the fish market looking for food.
 Ninja van out in our training ground selling us freshly cooked food...
 This spider climbs on a beach in this stone around. Certainly they are looking for food or something else...
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 People in Collioure having a pizza in the park sorrounding the castle
 This is one of the newest version of the pizza crust. It's surrounded by tiny cute cheese sausage. 
 Man, in a blue shirt, eating food from a Plate Lunch - while a Dog Watches Him (wide angle)
 Taken early morning while at the bus stop in front of the pizza place.
 food i cooked chicken sinigang against bike
 Just cooked homemade pizza in the oven
 Chocolate mudcake with chocolate ganached. Covered in white fondant. Hearts on wires are made from fondant. Hearts on cake are piped on
 The world's best pizza is cooked in this oven in Gyongyos.
 street food - fish tacos in peurto vallarta
 Blythe in chocolate braun knitted dress with broken white crochet belt and tiny buttons
 A Margherita pizza from a bar in Kichijoji, Tokyo.
 Behind the refrigerator was dog food, scum, broken beer bottle and excessive lint/dust left by Tenant
 Drunk guys discussing the nuances of food. "Try the fruit cake stuff, Its like Christmas in my mouth."
 Small plastic sign for a pizza place in Willshire, Ohio.
 the chocolate cup had rock pops in it.  The candy that sizzles in your mouth
 you can see the water droplets on the male ducks head in the middle,he was bobbing for food.
 Illussion...From a distant, the flower really looked like a little bird flying around the red flowers looking fr food.
 Lauren scarfing delicious food in her very pink bridesmaid dress at the reception.
 Out for pizza after being stuck in the house for two days!
 Beautiful fish rock art in Arnhem Land seen from the East Alligator River tells others what food is around
 First taste of street food by the Bell tower in Xian
 Anca found some chocolate under the computer desk and went to town!
 After a night in the house with some food and water the bird woke up chipper and ready to go. 
 Enthusiastic food sellers at the food night market climbing all over the table to get to their customers.
 Enthusiastic food sellers at the food night market climbing all over the table to get to their customers.
 Watch your pizza being made in the mirror at Il Pizzaiuola in Florence
 I love the way my black cat turns chocolate in bright sunlight.
 Caught in the act - she tore a hole in the new bag of cat food.
 Two of them near the bus stop near the pizza place by Harvey's
 A food vendor at the fish market in mid-chop
 There were two white swans floating around near the bridge hoping that someone would throw them some food.
 when the frozen pizza plastic base melted in the oven. pretty cool.
 Printing plate made from polystyrene* pizza base. It makes a pretty good ATC in itself, I think.*styrofoam in the US.
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Best pizza in the dirty south
 even a pizza oven in the back of the pinz!
 Chilling on the bathroom floor.  Not feeling well enough to be interested in chicken baby food or milk.
 served with a very spicy based and raw food is put in as the water in the pot becomes rolling
 just playing around in the kitchen because theres no food at all in the house =[
 giant piece of thick greasy pizza for under $4 at golden boy pizza.
 giant piece of thick greasy pizza for under $4 at golden boy pizza.
 ridiculous chocolate cake provided by the old biddies for the 44th floor march birthdays at hro. 
 in the bathroom at mary's pizza shack.  bffs!!!
 Next door to Arizona's best pizza (Picazzo's) in Tempe, AZ
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache. 
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache. 
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache. 
 pizza oven in russia
 Vanilla cake covered in white chocolate. 
 Spice cake iced with cream cheese and covered in white fondant. Hand molded &amp;quot;K&amp;quot; monogram and 2 chocolate fondant flowers.
 im standing with a chocolate cake in front of me
 Keep your kitchen staff concentrating on good food and not cleaning under the sink
 see the little brick oven in the wall-you can do pizza in there.
 Afternoon, in front of the pizza oven
 Clay putting food in the bear box in Shennandoah
 Building my clay oven for pizza and bread. They recommend doing this in bare feet. Hmm.
 David works in the city. Hes standing next to an oriental food truck in The Old Truman Brewery car park.
 pizza house in town
 margarita pizza being fired in a wood burning oven
 Chocolate cake balls, dipped in white chocolate, skewered with strawberries.  (Just out of the freezer, so they're all frosty.)
 one white cake, one chocolate, both covered in marshmallow fondant and black choco-pan. Happy 87th Papa Clay
 Stanny, looking ever-so-dapper in his tux shirt and pants, eating pizza... and that's Liz's eye in the foreground.
 Death by chocolate cake - train theme
 stored in a box that canned cat food came in! :P
 This was cool. It had a screen printed castle on the plate in chocolate.
 Vanilla sponge cake with mint chocolate mousse filling, surround by Kit Kats and topped with fruit chocs
 this is a tom cat that hangs around untill our catsget done eating then eats the food left over
 I have new friends to keep the area under the desk clear of food.
 The goal here was to catch as many of the thrown &amp;quot;pizza toppings&amp;quot; (water balloons) in the pizza box as possible.
 The goal here was to catch as many of the thrown &amp;quot;pizza toppings&amp;quot; (water balloons) in the pizza box as possible.
 Chris Schweitzer at the UNO pizza chain bar in Charlotte, NC.
 We were surprised to see dog food and other animal feeds sold by weight.
 Pedaling down the sidewalk near Lund's.  Note the bag of cat food comfortably nestled in the basket on the front of the bike.
 Ab and sarah and alot ot pizza on the balcony in london last summer
 First dinner in the bare flat. Frozen pizza (We stuck it in the oven to heat it first, obviously)
 pizza with peanuts and spicy chicken, at pass by bar
 I gave my present to AJ in a pizza box (seemed especially fitting).
 Two men prepares squid kabobs in a street food market in Changsha, Hunan, China.
 Every single floor in this building offers different variety of food you can choose from...
 Tim is showing off his Jobster Soccer shirt while telling a story and eating domino's pizza in India.
 Russian blue cat look at the food in bowl on table
 Her parents are selling food at the side of the road and this little girl is playing and eating under the table.
 pizza #1 in oven
 Ali and Macy: excited to put the pizza in the oven
 california pizza kitchen in westwood
 Buying fish direct from the fishing boat in La Passe harbour, La Digue, Seychelles. This is the staple food for the locals.
 Cheap (I hope) cat food in plain plastic bags.
 I bought white Tulips, put red food color in the water.....and this is the result :)
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The national bird of Norway, Fossekall. It lives by waterfalls (foss) and dives into the water for food.
 botton's spicy chicken and fish from nashville. me in their truck at the franklin food &amp;amp; spirits festival
 Pop m'Art wall - build your own face from food in Archimboldo-style!
 Shai eating pizza and checking herself out in the mirror
 Pups eating some food regurated by the alpha female
 like the other she is a red feathered hen too though only interested in food not in us.
 Learning nothing from getting sick in Bangkok, here I am eating street pizza
 My wife and boys eating pizza while I stand in line to check-in at the airport.
 The ONLY woodburning pizza oven in Ladakh.
 Taken at the AWESOME hugo's bar pizza in Manly.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 The pizza oven works fine and now we can get good New York style pizza in Hemet!
 The pizza oven works fine and now we can get good New York style pizza in Hemet!
 Reyna gathers paper in her Bazzill &amp;quot;pizza box&amp;quot; - all you can fill the box with for $20 - woohoo!
 4-layer yellow cake with chocolate mousse filling covered in fondant with handpainted flowers and edible postcards.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 a pizza place in mocow,valya with a big bear
 I put the elephant on top of a large chocolate cake covered in white chocolate.
 I put the elephant on top of a large chocolate cake covered in white chocolate.
 dog resting in front of closed down food bar
 the Resturant in the brown building had great Cajun style food.
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 in Chinatown street food market
 pizza cheesesteak neon sign at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia
 Trout smoked in the pizza oven
 Ducks and geese leave the water to look for food from the people walking around the lake.
 pizza in the oven
 Pizzas, mappucccino, iced chocolate, followed by black forest
 May 26, 2009 harry perry in dominos pizza commercial venice beach california 144
 Sally and I loved this coal oven pizza at Grimaldi's Restaurant in Brooklyn this summer.
 At Two Brothers Tap, a brewpub with gourmet food in a warehouse with no sign out front in a corporate park. Go figure.
 My friend Kev walking to the food center, near my house
 Found this cat inside a convenience store beside Schwartz's sleeping on a chocolate bar display case
 A restaurant advertises it's menu by display visually plastic food in the window case.
 First time ever all in one pic thanks to a canned cat food paper plate pic nic.
 pizza under the bridge
 small passage near kitchen,,dustbin,food for cat and bird
 Small cheese pizza in its box with a small tossed salad.Zois' Pizza Palace48 Main StreetSeymour, CT 06483
 the pizza oven and wood storage in cinderblocks
 08.19am in Phuket on the 4th floor of the fresh food market and it's hot, hot, hot!
 Little boy behind cow statue at Alprose chocolate factory near Lugano, Switzerland 
 A strange mirror in a pizza place.  See my thoughts on cheeze in Thailand for a reccomendation.
 Fushia flower &amp;quot;Pink shrimp &amp;quot;floating  in the pond and the fish thinking its food.
 First pizza home made in Japan! DeLonghi Pizza stone from Kappabashi. Gas oven. Slightly traumatized by lack of pizza paddle...
 First pizza home made in Japan! DeLonghi Pizza stone from Kappabashi. Gas oven. Slightly traumatized by lack of pizza paddle...
 Delicious flourless chocolate cake made by a talented MacLachlan girl
 White coating chocolate abstract flower airbrushed in pink
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground  taken from top of the back of hill
 Leo makes a face as he covers his arm in wet, smelly cat food. Don't ask.
 russian-style scarf and hat from runway knitsdouble-stranded malabrigo in rich chocolate plus plymouth foxy faux fur in orange
 Yes, there was a dirt floor in the bar and the pizza was delicious!
 Ordered a pizza today. It was dellivered in a box advertising the German Finance ministry
 Taken with red and black food colouring in water over a light box. 
 there's a small bar on the beach down below that gets its food lowered down in a basket from the restaurant above
 Waffles filled with strawberries and blueberries, chocolate cake with fruits, Nutella praline and chocolate bar in gold foil
 Waffles filled with strawberries and blueberries, chocolate cake with fruits, Nutella praline and chocolate bar in gold foil
 A young Haitian boy asking for food and water , Jamani, DR, Earthquake in Haiti, 2010
 The third best pizza ever...the best is down the street from my house, second is at Louie's in Dallas
 this little goat stole and ate the paper bag that the food was in
 in opera house, they are eating someone else's pizza
 Don't bother with slices outside of lunch time. They reheat pizza that's been sitting around forever.
 This large grass skipper can be identified by its rather pointed forewings and overall warm chocolate brown color.
 Sausages and rice served in a clay pot - typical HK street food. Amazing.
 At the boat station in the lake district you can buy some great local food
 here is zoey in her pistol pete pizza shirt loving the camera...smile girl.
 airplane over pizza
 bear in dog food
 Rev. 1.0 - The setup - firebrick below, pizza stone above with additional space for bincho-tan
 Snitching cat food under cover of the xmas tree
 PIZZA HUT MANAGER with his pizza knife in the middle of forest
 A lady is riding a bike nearby a colorful street food stall in Milan, Italy
 Dawn & pizza table at Sarracino near West Hampstead Station
 Dave and Grace relive the moment of their fiancement, on the sidewalk outside NYPD pizza in Ann Arbor.
 Yellow castle dessert with a golden ball in a chocolate 'spider'
 Tara putting the pizza in the outdoor cob oven at college
 Hot cat in Little India bazaar with food in red plastic bowl on pebblecrete
 This glass roof is over the food court within the mall
 American boy eating american food in Netherlands
 A cable car is reflected twice in this pizza shop window.
 Each paisley and flower decoration was hand drawn in white chocolate.
 The pizza is in the oven - &amp;quot;smells a wunderfulo&amp;quot; burbles Pietro.  Ollie meanwhile pushes some levers on the LOFTEM.
 Looking over the table at Mamma Santos in Little Italy, I await my pizza delivery.
 fruit drinks in east end food co-op's window
 We had brick oven pizza tonight and this is the fire used in the oven.
 only a fat kid would have a bike bag covered in chocolate topping from the previous night's ice cream
 Gumpaste flowersBottom layer chocolate cake coffee buttercreamTop layer vanilla cake lemon buttercreamcovered in white fondant
 Sponge cake covered in pnk buttercream and pink sparkles and white chocolate stars to outline
 Not the Kosher sign in the background it says &amp;quot;Kosher eat me&amp;quot; above our mini kosher food table
 Signing a pizza box for 2 fans (who were in on the prank).
 3 tiered square cake surrounded in white chocolate bars with fresh roses tucked into each layer
 Your sign is awesome, but this man needs no pizza school. Not in the land of Mr. Pizza.
 near the pizza house
 My empty glass after port wine, cash to buy food, and a book of poetry by Sharon Olds.
 A chocolate cup cake from Tempt in the Old Bank Arcade...  These are tasty
 Bag is cake covered in fondant; racquet and balls are white chocolate.
 A seagull flying by the car for food
 Kevin organized the round robin tournament on the uh... back of a paper plate left over from the pizza.
 Mango and passion fruit white chocolate ganache dipped in milk chocolate.
 Mango and passion fruit white chocolate ganache dipped in milk chocolate.
 pizza baking in the oven
 Tara and I eating pizza in Fiezole, a small town in the hills above Florence.
 Behind the refrigerator was dog food, scum, broken beer bottle and excessive lint/dust left by Tenant
 The kitchen tabe as I start.Not everything on it is involved in the pizza creation. 
 This bee looks for food in an orange tree on Arnold Drive.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 zane won this in a claw machine at a pizza hut
 The TV in a little pizza joint we stopped at for lunch in Sausalito.
 Wedding favors, giant chocolate candy bars. yum.  Guest name and table was written in the green area.
 jake grabbed the dog food bowl and it fell to floor so kc was near to clean up....so was jake!  
 A 1/3 sheet chocolate cake covered in buttercream icing airbrushed brown topped with a race car cake decorated with Tolleson's race car
 A hot pot restaurant on the Walking street in Changshu.  Very good food, and cheap!
 food hawker outside a local market in chiang Mai - worlds away from the touristy 'night markets' down the road
 A little girl sits by her house after finishing her food.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 The cheese pizza is ready to go in the oven next!
 I made white chocolate drizzled over caramel corn and bagged in these cute little bags I embellished with ribbon and tags. 
 in chicago getting a pizza at oven grinder. in a snow storm of course :)
 Oreo balls dipped in white chocolate and sprinkled with orange &amp;amp; black decorations.
 Gross food challenge: eggs w/ chicken fetus in them,live worms, raw cow tongue &amp;amp; fish eyeballs, etc.
 Located in the heart of downtown.  We had lunch next door at the pizza shop...
 I saw this in the window of a pizza place. Sluts are getting cheaper all the time!
 There are various animal and food related little sculptures around the top of the building
 Thermal paper in bag with hot food
 Cutting the Cake, chocolate with white frosting and silver "bee bees", requested by the groom
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 The food here was FREAKIN DELICIOUS! and it's ON the beach to where your feet are in the sand
 Baking pizza in a homemade (not by me) beehive brick oven
 A male and female Halloween Pennant dragonflies doing what dragonflies do when not flying around looking for food . 
 This is Winnie and she really liked to swim, the fish in the water followed them everywhere looking for food. 
 making pizza in the amazing brick oven :-D
 The pretzels and fruit plate was hand dipped in chocolate by Howard. Yum!
 We stopped for pizza on a back street in Venice and Olivia found the giant bottle of coke lite
 a cat with sad eyes begging for food under my table
 pizza in oven
 edgar's face, rozanno in the background, michelle and a barbeque chicken pizza
 This was my sidewalk table at a decent pizza place in Leblon.
 Margit's delightful fruit cup &amp;amp; ice cream dessert in a chocolate lined pastry shell
 Even a fly could not resist flying around my chocolate cake w/out having a bite :)
 a huge pizza in the bag of a van (out with the garbage)
 Chocolate decadence cake coated with chocolate ganache, a white chocolate 'cage' around it, and filled with chocolate mousse.
 Chocolate decadence cake coated with chocolate ganache, a white chocolate 'cage' around it, and filled with chocolate mousse.
 Chocolate decadence cake coated with chocolate ganache, a white chocolate 'cage' around it, and filled with chocolate mousse.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Not bad for airport food. I just noticed that the fish balls look a bit pink in this photo!
 Kitty was sleeping in the dog food bowl
 If you look carefully you can see the monkey sitting on her right shoulder above the bowl of food.
 The office ordered pizza in yesterday. From the chain Patsy's on 23rd Street.
 Putting pizza in the oven
 plate of food at &amp;quot;the reef&amp;quot;.  the food was really good in san pedro. lots of fresh fish / seafood.
 plate of food at &amp;quot;the reef&amp;quot;.  the food was really good in san pedro. lots of fresh fish / seafood.
 Sot of wall cabinet above the dishwasher. This cabinet has the majority of food that isn't in the fridge. 
 My delicous uncooked pizza to be cooked in the home made oven in the garden.
 Mixed Turkish pizza at a restaurant in Brussels, Belgium:  Creamy cheese, feta, ground lamb, salami, and egg.
 Looking over the food court balcony after eating a tasty chicken gyro for lunch.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 burning off the carbon and sulfur from my Lambretta muffler in my pizza oven
 This was some of the best food we had.  A little hole in the wall at the Saara street market.
 A sticker posted on a 50-cent toy machine in a pizza parlor. 
 Guy dressed as blade who climbed out onto the glass roof above the food court.
 The cosmic bowling party, that's Fischer eating pizza and Liam's head in the front of the photo.
 Me sitting in the courtyard of the bale house eating a pizza and drinking a beer with a church built in 1751 in the background.
 At the pizza osteria place near liverpool street station.
 A banana and its chocolate accomplice lies astrewn on a once-busy street near the TSX building
 Fortunately it was the day for the pizza van in Mezieres, so we have just had pizza for lunch!
 Fortunately it was the day for the pizza van in Mezieres, so we have just had pizza for lunch!
 The white duck kept getting her head stuck in the fence trying to steal the food!  Buenos Aires Zoo
 They had several lit plastic cones around the building - in both vanilla and chocolate!
 Brazil street market + Mexican food market in Durham -- come together at last
 Sign in front of door for dog food store
 on the bridge kids and old people sell fish food for 10 rupees in little leaf bowls
 fire in pizza oven
 Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting dipped in milk &amp;amp; white chocolate and decorated with hundreds &amp;amp; thousands
 11x7 medium size guest book/album covered in yellow madison damask paired with solid yellow and chocolate brown ribbon
 Named by us because inside was the pizza oven where they baked the wonderful pizza's.
 Named by us because inside was the pizza oven where they baked the wonderful pizza's.
 memorable dinner at the california pizza kitchen in LA pt. 2
 The Hershey's chocolate bar greets you in the clock tower.
 Don't put chocolate gifties on top of a book shelf when there's a beagle in the house!
 pizza order in the kitchen
 I visited the local market in Salta, Argentina, and ran into this pizza contest..
 white cake with chocolate gananche filling and amaretto icing covered in orange flavored fondant. 
 Melt chocolate over a bain marie (fancy word for a pot in a pot of hot water lol)
 A quick meal at Vapiano, a pizza and pasta bar in Leipzig. Notice the homemade pasta &amp;amp; sauce!
 mmm...brick oven pizza in the woods! jk
 On an orange tree in my backyard.  They supply their larvae with paralyzed spiders for food.
 red velvet, cinnamon sugar, chocolate marshmallow, and black and white little demons in a box.
 Collection of camp ovens on weekend camp. The large furphy oven has a pizza cooking in it.
 amazing pizza at the farmer's market in ballard
 in der california pizza kitchen im stanford shopping center
 I had some Christmas tree candles and a chocolate Christmas tree (with squirrel) in my Advent calendar treasure cigar box today.
 The office ordered pizza in yesterday. From the chain Patsy's on 23rd Street.
 Colts cookie cake that was devoured by the 4 boys Sunday evening, along with  pizza
 square yellow and chocolate ganache cake decorated with tiny bosc pears dipped in chocolate and caramel
 square yellow and chocolate ganache cake decorated with tiny bosc pears dipped in chocolate and caramel
 Juvela pizza base prepared by Pizza Hut
 my moms dog Sassy, under the kitchen table, hoping that someone will drop some food
 The pizza chicken won in this division
 How to carry your pizza home by bike
 This is a chocolate bar in a cup
 KEEP - chocolate making table in kitchen
 martha thinking about pizza in the oven
 december 28 2010. A sparrow looking for food in a thicket near mirror lake browns mills N.J. 08015
 people threw food in the water and hundreds of fish went for it
 My bird in my house eating dog food
 This jackdaw was bring food home to his young nesting in the wall of an old church in Glendalough
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 cheese steak sign on food truck in Philadelphia
 A view of the outside eating area at the Asiago pizza place in Seaport Village.
 Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting dipped in milk &amp;amp; white chocolate and decorated with hundreds &amp;amp; thousands
 A red kite momentarily stops in the air before twisting to swoop to the ground to grab some food.
 $2 a jar clear water beads, in a shot glass with some water with blue food colouring in it.
 Faces made with lunch items based on a randomly selected expression.&amp;quot;Surprised&amp;quot; food and paper on plate by Juliette Heydenrych
 A shot of my dog Moni (like the breakfast food) running for the PC truck in my village.
 we had buttermilk in the house from making the chocolate cake so it's muffin time!!!
 Five Guys puts their food in plain brown paper bags... this is all the advertising that they need
 Palm tree whose seeds are sprouted in riverside sand beds, and used for food
 a bee trying to find food in a flower at a lake in sussex,nj
 Animal food and a fire starter, pretty much the only decently green plant in the Atacaman dessert
 A pizza in my friends' house in Rome
 the dog Miguel brought from California, hides under a table hoping to steal some food
 This little bird is hunting for food and hiding himself on the river trash. Taken nearby a river in malaysia
 The dairy house cow night yard with solar electric fence.  Surrounded by food forest established by mobile chicken tractors.
 Alex putting a pizza in the oven for our Little Italy dinner night
 pumkins on the porch of a boarded up pizza shop on a country road in rural Fayette County, Kentucky.  
 Shared pizza. Mine was the veggie side. Love this base in pizza hut. So yummy!
 Shared pizza. Mine was the veggie side. Love this base in pizza hut. So yummy!
 06-01-10--21   Lakeport--We ate pizza in dark green building
 A pink ribbon around a basket full of chocolate. Sorry, i haven't taken any pictures of the chocolate.
 A pink ribbon around a basket full of chocolate. Sorry, i haven't taken any pictures of the chocolate.
 Vanilla cake with rich chocolate truffle frosted cupcakes and a white chocolate cameo dusted in pearl - romaaaaaaance, darling! 
 Vanilla cake with rich chocolate truffle frosted cupcakes and a white chocolate cameo dusted in pearl - romaaaaaaance, darling! 
 hillary demonstrates the hugeness of the dog bowls they serve the food in at the mosaic bar and grille
 Mallard duck with it's face covered in mud while searching for food in the salt marshes of Edwin Forsythe Refuge
 German chocolate cake ball dipped in white chocolate.
 German chocolate cake ball dipped in white chocolate.
 Layered with the help of the mirror in the pizza place we were in.
 Mr. Green fell asleep on the scale.....Same puppy I found sleeping in the empty food bowl this morning too....
 it's taller than a pizza box in the back
 My first 3D fish cake, the fish is rice crispies the water is chocolate mud cake covered in buttercream
 Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.
 This food forest will be built around this North Star cherry tree.  The tree will be placed between the two swales.   
 soon to be working in the kitchen making pizza
 A lovely Large turtle founnd outside leatherbacks in St Petes beach ..... Lovely food too !!!
 chocolate mud cake layered with ganache and covered in fondantStars made from Fondant The birthday theme was pink and silver 
 Michaela carefully removing her pizza from the &amp;quot;oven&amp;quot; in the kitchen at the Phoenix Children's Museum.
 salad bar in pizza hut
 Generic pizza in a non-generic box
 Chocolate cake covered in chocolate icing, complete with a white chocolate ribbon brushed liberally with lustre dust
 Chocolate cake covered in chocolate icing, complete with a white chocolate ribbon brushed liberally with lustre dust
 Note the woman hauling up food in a basket from a street vendor.
 Made by a man who drove his van up to the campsite; a van with a stone fireplace pizza oven in the back!
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 This little built in bench pops with the pink wall and turquoise and chocolate pillows.
 ... it's a narrow river that winds around and passes under bridges.  Visitors can buy fish food from a machine.
 A cute pizza place that we didn't go to in Clear Lake, IA.
 pizza in the sidewalk sukkah
 Mark was in construction before he started his pizza restaurant-- he built that pizza oven himself.
 Mark was in construction before he started his pizza restaurant-- he built that pizza oven himself.
 A young man is eating his fast food seated on bike stands in the street - Barcelona
 I cut the lime inspired by a Jim Thompson book about food styling and table setting from the library
 Water in clear, glass dish.  Flash bounced off dark blue construction paper.  Water drops colored with pink food coloring.
 at pizza di rock in merrit island florida
 A microwave oven for me.  Now I can eat food in my apartment.
 pizza about to go in the oven
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 waldorf salad (california pizza kitchen in downtown los angeles)
 pizza in kitchen 1
 Despite the pizza in her hair, little cute Brinny will grow up to be drop dead gorgeous.
 Playing in the pizza kitchen
 trovor watching tv in the basement with a nice pizza stain on his shirt
 Frothing green water - bath &amp;quot;bomb&amp;quot; with green food dye dissolving in water on lightbox
 Appetite for Destruction, January 2011, yellow food in a green bowl not a great idea...
 Scanned a pizza box cover and then altered it in image program...
 In the bathtub where her bed and water and food are. She likes the confinded space of the bathtub within the bathroom.
 eating chocolate cake in her polka dot dress
 kitty sitting in the dog food bowl
 Cameron's 3rd birthday party (birthday boy in orange stripes); Jennifer &amp;amp; Natalie getting ready for chocolate cake
 Awesome Pizza. They have a great selection of vegan pizzas, great selection of bottle sodas. Best pizza I've had in a long time.
 adrian and gabi at the pizza house in ann arbor.
 Curtis playing a whino's guitar in front of the pizza place we went to after OnBroadway
 It's amazing what a little fish food will bring out in a salt water tank.
 Still in Rome, while walking around, I saw this typical Italian working class hero enjoying his pizza for lunch.
 chocolate concrete vanity with deep sea blue glass tile accent + built in mirror + surround
 Po in the cat food box
 powered by chocolate bike jersey, hot pink flames jersey, cycling team back
 soap in a pizza box
 Tibetan girl in Dharamsala. I think that's chocolate cake she's holding!
 pizza pizza in black and whit ein the dark/
 pizza pizza in black and whit ein the dark/
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 the fireman came out with a bowl of chocolate eggs in the end, everyone went back to bed
 We ordered one pizza for every girl in our house by mistake! 
 sign on pizza restaurant on main street in Chester, IL
 these are marshmallows covered in white chocolate I tinited orange and added a green M &amp;amp; M
 Two slices of pizza &amp;amp; a piece of chicken (not in picture) for Austin :p
 The food here was FREAKIN DELICIOUS! and it's ON the beach to where your feet are in the sand
 She is still collecting food from the bird table so she must still have chicks in a nest somewhere.
 I'm eating pizza and Myer is very interested.  Look at that tail in motion.
 Oh lovely, putting cat food in the water bowl.
 Cake designed as a 50's record player with white chocolate records and girl dancing in a poodle skirt. Cory
 Tossing pizza dough at Hoboken pies on red River street austin, texas.Photo by Bill Oriani
 sidewalk pizza is the latest food fad in san francisco.
 sidewalk pizza is the latest food fad in san francisco.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Ralph in a pizza box
 first pizza in the new house
 the white bits in the water is the fish food pellets we threw in
 Mountain Mike's passed the test by beating Pier 49's BBQ chicken pizza
 The biggest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world and also one of the largest wholesale food markets of any kind.
 i want a pizza stone &amp;amp; better lighting in my kitchen.
 A hot dog wrapped in bacon, the acme of Danish street food.
 Wood burning pizza oven at Pitfire Pizza in North Hollywood.
 My first 3D fish cake, the fish is rice crispies the water is chocolate mud cake covered in buttercream
 The chart on the kitchen wall helps acuarists to sort out the food fish by quality.
 I made white chocolate coconut. The marzipan duck was bought in Switzerland.
 A ground skink scales a tree while searching for food in University Forest near Lake Wappapello, Mo., in June 2009.
 me on the turntables in june 2003.  we were at the beach in galveston.  yes, those are pizza tins. 
 I think this was an old chocolate box originally. It had glass Christmas baubles in it when I got it.
 Old food street in Jinan.  Old fashion building housed many restaurants.  Places can only be seen in kung fu movies.
 this fish was awesome. it had a hat and chocolate in its mouth.
 Inner dish can be removed and hot water put in base to keep food warm.
 the pizza bar on the ship! conveniently right near our room
 The Cinzano lamp in the reception area of the Chicago Fire pizza restaurant, Folsom, CA
 Covered in chocolate ganache and orange and yellow nonpareils.
 Baby girl in front, chocolate & white
 Taken in the woodfired pizza oven my husband built!
 Reel pizza in bar harbor reely needs to open a new york branch
 Chocolate cake with white chocolate filling and iced in butter cream .All the decorations are made with chocolate 
 Chocolate cake with white chocolate filling and iced in butter cream .All the decorations are made with chocolate 
 Body is Chocolate Chip cookie cake with vanilla buttercream, head is pumpkin spice cake with caramel brown sugar buttercream, covered in chocolate choco-pan
 It's not all cake in our household. We give the boy bunny food too...
 another view of the wall oven. while that pizza was cooling, chicken was cookin in the rotisserie oven
 reflection of the street in the chocolate shop window on St. Laurent street, Montreal, QC
 large deep bowl 10.5&amp;quot; x 10.5&amp;quot; x 5.5&amp;quot;the interior of this bowl is chocolate brown (tho it looks black in the photo).
 My mountain of marshmallows in my mug from my dear friend Shannon!!  it's Marshmallow Lovers hot chocolate!  Yum!!
 Kaisa is sleeping on the couch enjoying her dreams about pizza and pork chops in her food bowl.
 Kaisa is sleeping on the couch enjoying her dreams about pizza and pork chops in her food bowl.
 A three tier wedding cake.Using red velvet and chocolate fudge cake sandwich together with a chocolate ganache in between. 
 A three tier wedding cake.Using red velvet and chocolate fudge cake sandwich together with a chocolate ganache in between. 
 Sign out front of the pizza restaurant around the corner from our house right after Amanda's accident.
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 pita pizza sizzling in the oven
 picked up a pizza at a farmer's market in provence, for the road en route to St. Tropez
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Chris Swindlehurst checks the water and food for the chickens as they spend the day in their chicken tractor.
 healthy frozen hot chocolate in the cutest little cup and saucer and extra in the cutest little glass carafe and coffee cake
 Yummy! That is BIG kolac (danish) in a pizza box
 Rachael opening what looks to be a basket of food for the kitchen in her bedroom.
 hand made pizza in the hand made pizza oven at Zombiefrog Bunny's wedding!
 hand made pizza in the hand made pizza oven at Zombiefrog Bunny's wedding!
 the bright colored roses and the dark chocolate brown window frames-----------------------------------------------Yamate 89-6-ban-kan, &amp;quot;Enoki-tei&amp;quot;built in 1927.
 A baby monkey searches for food in the grass at the Bandipur National park
 Wood-fired pizza dinner yummyness.All remixed:Dress: H&amp;amp;MSandals: DexterHuge green bag: bought in Rome last Spring
 insanely packed pizza party in our kitchen
 Mensen van de molenakker hebben altijd zin in pizza
 eating pizza in a bar
 This poor camel was kicked off the road by a car. Passers-by gave him some water and food .....
 St Martin;s in the field church, helps the poor of London with a bed and food in winter and Christmas.
 Katie in red and Jane in flower print and Matt in white shirt waiting for food
 chocolate mud cupcakes iced with red and black fondant in an attempt to look like a ladybird/lady bug.
 pizza + lady in the cup
 Dad sat on the sidelines in his camp chair between walking the street and sampling the great food at stART 2010
 A cute sign to &amp;quot;Cafe Curavina&amp;quot; a small taverna in Oia, Santorini that had great traditional Greek food.
 How you get to that pizza place is beyond me.   The sidewalk in front is closed.
 2 zuchinni plants flowering next comes the grreen fruit love this stuff on pizza and in spaghetti 
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Getting the bear bag up in the air, so the bears can't get at our food.
 The first pizza in the oven
 Sometimes the keepers hide the food in the trees.  This tiger was wondering if there was any in this tree
 Po and Noodle in the cat food box
 Bad Manors Squirrel Diner/Kids in the Nest week begins!/Kids made roof shakes from cardboard pizza containers/10.19.09
 salami, onion and green chili pizza at Bella Citta in Busan, Korea
 The pizza in the oven
 paula in the west pizza house
 Yes, that is a pizza in the background.  And chicken and beans in the front.
 A wild cat in one of the mountain parks of Busan forages for food.
 martin &amp;amp; i stopped in to sackville for some grub. the bridge street cafe has delicious coffee &amp;amp; fantastic food!
 The smoke was a single shard of white and dark chocolate on skewers set in the cake
 Mall road in Mussoorie, lined with small, makeshift street food stalls. 
 fell asleep in the kitchen while waiting for the pizza to be baked.
 Hunting for food, but unfortunatly what they had looked like a plastic bad under the water
 Base fruit cake made by brides mumMiddle dark chocolate mud cakeTop caramel mud cake
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 A mother bear with her two cubs searching for food at the road to Hotel Cota 1400  in Sinaia
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate....topped with flowers
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate....topped with flowers
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate....topped with flowers
 3 layers of chocolate cake filled with a dark chocolate ganache, covered with ganache, with chocolate strips drizzeled in white chocolate....topped with flowers
 Green (mint) and gold (white) lindt chocolate truffles in matching tissue paper and bouquet box.
 Fresh in Toronto yummy food, glass water jug
 Reflections of a nearby neon sign in this stainless steel range hood at a pizza place in the Sunset District, SF
 Relaxing at a pizza joint by the ocean after a full day of golf cart joy riding on Catalina.
 I wish I had a pizza / and a bottle of wineMe, by LaurenBack Garden, July 2010, Halina A1
 Cozy, small &amp;amp; cute restaurant in Queenstown. Great pizza and good spagetti.
 Wall paper at the pizza place Boggy, Sarah, and I ate lunch at in Berea, KY
 A huge male grizzly bear foraging for food in the Lamar Valley
 Apparently E127 is red food colouring. It's also a small fishing boat based at Beer, in Devon. Mmmm. Beer.
 Found a little wall around the corner to eat our pizza slices, because Lorenzo's tiny dining room was packed.
 chair and table legs at my preferred spot in indian trail (because i get discounted food).
 The goat ran to the fence whenever you rustled a bag of food within earshot!
 Stephen poses with a pizza stone in front of the canal in Fredericksburg, Va. Yes, a pizza stone in front of a canal.  How bizarre.
 Stephen poses with a pizza stone in front of the canal in Fredericksburg, Va. Yes, a pizza stone in front of a canal.  How bizarre.
 put a small plant or some bird food in here
 There's a box of chocolates under the table that keeps on getting refilled with cheaper chocolate
 Glen working on the fit of the food pantry and wall oven units under the soffit.
 He's eating the feral cats' food! Of all the nerve.I put their food bowl in the dog house when it rains.
 He's eating the feral cats' food! Of all the nerve.I put their food bowl in the dog house when it rains.
 [102/366] in a pizza shop: the other shoe drops
 Pizza is all the rage in Egypt.  I think I photo of an egyptian pizza oven somewhere...
 male and female orangutan in a tree, "sharing" food!!
 A bear attacked our food box in the middle of the night.  These are the teeth marks he left in a cooler.
 Taken with a mobile phone, I loved the colours of the flags against the yellow building (they also do great food)
 yellow cake, with chantilly cream and fruit filling, iced with swiss meringue buttercream covered in white chocolate fondant
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 super-cool hand dryer in bathroom at ken's artisan pizza
 8&amp;quot; white with raspberries, 10&amp;quot; chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in ganache.  Fresh flowers.
 8&amp;quot; white with raspberries, 10&amp;quot; chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in ganache.  Fresh flowers.
 I was scare to eat the street food in China, especially with the bird flu that was going around there.
 I saw these delectable diapers while shopping for cat food in PetSmart. I feel sorry for the dog in the display's photo.
 The absolute best pizza parlor in the world, bar none.  Gino's East on Superior Street in Chicago.
 Tasty Thai food on the 13th floor of the ROI building in Roppongi.
 A female house sparrow sat on my garden fence looking for some bird food below
 Grant trying to coax the brown horse over with food...PowerShot A80
 There was chicken, fish and food being transported by the river
 The male and the female in the search of food (mini crickets)
 Couple walking by pizza joint in downtown La Crosse, Wisconsin, USA. Taken through window of moving city bus.
 This girl comes up after the crows slop the food all over the ground and cleans it all up!
 BJMXRB Small car parked as a pizza restaurant advertisement in Friedrichstrasse Berlin Germany
 nicole placing pizza in oven
 starting the fire in the pizza oven with last year's olive lop2.9.2010Leporino, Italy
 Order for a client - chocolate stout cake decorated by basket weave and sugar paste flowers made by friend
 That's over 10 pounds of food per person on the table
 zhu zhu pet carrier bag...rich butter cake covered in white chocolate ganache and then a thin layer of fondant.
 We put bird food in the bird bath, hoping to offer a more rounded discussion among our feathered friends.  
 We learned about the food web, and then we made pine cone bird feeders to hang in our yards.
 chocolate cake with buttercream filling...vanilla hand painted fondant...royal icing coral also hand painted...hand painted color flow ariel...fondant pebbles around base
 Really healthy &amp;amp; delicious pizza behind Tulane's campus in Uptown NewOrleans. Note the Twitter bird on their sign, too.
 A 1/2 sheet yellow cake covered in chocolate buttercream icing featuring a volley ball
 Bedroom in Toronto. Bottled water and chocolate left on bed each night.
 best pizza in san gabriel!would say la... but not eaten all of it have ipepperoni, green pepper, italian sausage
 This is a mixture of oil, water, and blue food coloring.  The red is a shirt in the background.
 The next in my food cabinet series.  Comments on individual shelf photos.
 A Golden Snitch cake of chocolate, just like Mrs. Weasley made for Harry's birthday in book 7.
 This duck was swimming against the waterfall trying to get at its food 
 Chocolate sour cream cake with dark chocolate buttercream icing, garnished with chocolate triangles drizzled in white chocolate.
 Chocolate sour cream cake with dark chocolate buttercream icing, garnished with chocolate triangles drizzled in white chocolate.
 Chocolate sour cream cake with dark chocolate buttercream icing, garnished with chocolate triangles drizzled in white chocolate.
 BBQ chicken pizza mm mm goodSent via BlackBerry by AT&amp;amp;T
 Flamingo walking and looking for food in water
 Faces made with lunch items based on a randomly selected expression.&amp;quot;Surprised&amp;quot; food and paper on plate by Juliette Heydenrych
 Rotterdam, Netherlands, people eating food in front of a Vietnamese food van
 Rotterdam, Netherlands, people eating food in front of a Vietnamese food van
 "Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go" (Truman Capote)
 359/365The perfect accompaniment to the weekend -- a pizza box full of fabric bits to be pieced in front of the tv.
 apparently there wasn't enough cat food in the bowl
 Crochet tam in baby pink and chocolate brown acrylics.
 An Oasis in Nashua...we walked to the local pizza house to eat and call for help.
 Chicago train station on my way to the best pizza place in the world- Giordanos,
 plastic food in cafe window japan osaka  2009.
 A Red-capped Plover busily searching for food on the beach near Durras Lake on the south coast of NSW.
 tiered cake with a Willie Wonka theme. Decoration in fondant, white chocolate &amp;amp; buttercream. Manuel &amp;amp; Sally
 Time for some hot coffee in the cold train from its food lounge car.
 image from muddy mud and chocolate cake collection. story book written by kim grimwood illustrated by me
 Mermaid's tail is fondant. Shells are white chocolate with food coloring. The fish in the water are candles!
 Mermaid's tail is fondant. Shells are white chocolate with food coloring. The fish in the water are candles!
 This duck roots around in the ground for food.
 The &amp;quot;holes&amp;quot; in the sand is from this fish filtering it through its mouth and gills, searching for food.
 This was a pizza in a window of a restaurant that looked so amazing it deserved a photo
 angels on a box near pizza express, taunton.
 Home made pizza from a clay oven in Selcuk, Turkey
 ...very  decent thin crust pizza and in the bag bagels cooked the real way - boiled first then baked! Yum!
 timbermill no wale corduroy shirt in chocolate brown
 U16 Bobcats II fight for the ball like it was the last chocolate bar in town!
 The cat was made from styrofoam covered in fondant, The hat was chocolate mud cake
 eating pizza in nyc!
 both road food destinations  (coleman's fish market &amp;amp; michael's beef house) were in the same building
 The Pirate, Skater, Mechanic and Cook sit around eating pizza in the Pirate's hideout.You can clearly see the oven.
 Chocolate cake covered in white butter icing and encased with white chocolate medalions.
 ...and here is Rhodri having chocolate mousse for breakfast in the top of the water bottle
 Enjoying my book along a perfect carrot cake and hot chocolate in a perfect bakery pub
 We invited ourselves over to Tom &amp;amp; Nat's house to use their running water and make them Vietnamese food
 Chocolate cake covered in chocolate icing, complete with a white chocolate ribbon brushed liberally with lustre dust
 Chocolate cake covered in chocolate icing, complete with a white chocolate ribbon brushed liberally with lustre dust
 This pizza is so good!At my house in Toms River, New Jersey 8-23-10
 Group of vintage wooden beads in different shapes and warm colors, natural, orange and chocolate brown.
 The Indian god Shiva painted on the wall next to a road side food stall in Kolkata 
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground  taken from top of the back of hill
 This is my white chocolate chicken from Fabiano's candy store in Lansing. 
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 head on plate in pizza place
 woodfired pizza oven in backyard in zevenhoven
 White cake balls tinted in cute Easter/Spring Colors.  They are dipped in creamy white chocolate and topped with cute Easter sprinkles
 tjb is eating pizza at some new organic pizza place in newtown after the grange fair on sunday
 tjb is eating pizza at some new organic pizza place in newtown after the grange fair on sunday
 picnic in golden gate park. all of this yummy food was picked up at the ferry building farmers' market.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Single tiered christening cake encased in a white lacy chocolate collar and topped off with roses.
 Coloured glass in the Valencia food market
 Still hunting for food. Focus off slightly from bird and set to the grass in front of it.
 inspired by pink cake boxchocolate cake with buttercream, covered in fondant.  Southern yellow cupcakes, chocolate cupcakes iced in vanilla buttercream
 I watched this bird for at least 10 minutes dashing in and out of the water for food.
 The dress code was raised to white tie. The food was this time laid on by caterers, kindly paid for by Laurence
 Another cake from the chocolate course. Sponge cake filled with custard, topped with fruit and wrapped in a chocolate collar
 Another cake from the chocolate course. Sponge cake filled with custard, topped with fruit and wrapped in a chocolate collar
 All cake...1/4 sheet grass cake covered in buttercream, ball is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in fondant. 
 All cake...1/4 sheet grass cake covered in buttercream, ball is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in fondant. 
 2 female tourist with food sellers besiding at beach in VN.
 in the window at pizza ragazzi
 YC took this picture of OC reading, reflected in the table at the pizza place in Truckee. 
 A tasty chicken pizza ordered with my morning cocktail (alcohol was very cheap in Estonia!)
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Top tier: chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream. Bottom tier: vanilla butter cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in white chocolate vanilla buttercream with fondant crown and pearls.
 Jonathan in a tree with the bear bags (to prevent bears from eating our food)
 Monkey that stole food from the kitchen in our forest lodge!
 Dirt cups = chocolate pudding with crushed oreos over a bed of green coconut grass, &amp;quot;dirt&amp;quot; and gummy worms
 Yum Yum home made pizza cooking in the oven
 food stall at the wet market in Kuala Lumpur--selling pink dragon fruit
 It is a paper thin pizza rolled in spinach, anchovy, garlic &amp;amp; gorgonzola.
 Danny has a pizza box from Aurora Pizza, the BEST pizza in Sorrento!
 Danny has a pizza box from Aurora Pizza, the BEST pizza in Sorrento!
 After flying in on a Wednesday night, we went to get pizza and beer at Dock Street Brewing Co.
 The pineapple is a vanilla cake I carved and the water below is chocolate cake. All decorations are handmade  and are edible.
 Total Gym.  Litterbox and cat food and water are located here in the garage.
 Deep fried pizza dough, served in a bag of powdered sugar. Yum.
 Poor green fish in a tank at a sea food restaurant
 Wood-fired oven in the pizza place
 I think its a lil tree frog hanging out by the side door waiting for food to fly by.
 Hi5 for Cats & Dogs, sponsored by a brand of cat and dog food
 Group of vintage wooden beads in different shapes and warm colors, natural, orange and chocolate brown.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 our first pizza in the new Sampo oven
 Milk chocolate cake with milk chocolate filling and frosting enrobed in a white chocolate lattice.
 Milk chocolate cake with milk chocolate filling and frosting enrobed in a white chocolate lattice.
 Milk chocolate cake with milk chocolate filling and frosting enrobed in a white chocolate lattice.
 A local girl is giving her dog some food left from her meal at University square in Barcelona
 De Reese's milk chocolate peanut butter cup zit van binnnen ook in een papiertje
 he learned to sit patiently by the door while his food is poured into his bowl
 A dog attacking a pizza box in Pompeii with Mt. Vesuvius in the back ground.
 Rocky our male Cat, in the kitchen waiting for food.
 Old wall-painted ad for Trachtenmoden in Fulda, meeting the lit pizza sign of today.
 Julia selects an individual nibble of cat food in a new and highly efficient eating technique.
 A hot pot restaurant on the Walking street in Changshu.  Very good food, and cheap!
 a cup with water in it along with some food coloring. yeah......I get bored and artsy sometimes. :)
 pizza being made in the reflector oven
 I make pizza dough in this bad boy five days a week!
 Music festival fans end their browse of the Porlock Motor Museum and cross the road in search of food.
 Another great lunch - this restaurant looked over the water - many fish came up and ate the pizza crusts
 Waiting for pizza at Jimmy's Slice in Ventura, looking out the screen-covered big front window, looking down at the outside table below.
 Cooked on a pizza stone in our gas oven.
 Me eating Pizza under our table booth as not to advertise any food but Pita Pits.
 Making pizza at Pinnochio's Ristorante. Gorgeous wood burning oven in the background!
 Missouri pizza cup in Georgia
 Breakfast. Roll dough covered in butterscotch, cinnamon, butter, and brown sugar baked in an angel food cake pan.
 Annoyed in pizza box
 whiskey and pizza sleepover party in the stairs of the apt. building
 Close up of address label on a pizza box left in the street.
 Best pizza in Croatia - Mea Culpa. Amazing ham &amp;amp; mushroom pizza (with a wee green olive in the middle). Yum.
 Best pizza in Croatia - Mea Culpa. Amazing ham &amp;amp; mushroom pizza (with a wee green olive in the middle). Yum.
 basil... the easiest plant to grow in the world...... and assure you a good pizza and/or tomato sauce
 i take pictures of food i'm eating in the car
 Fixie touring bike with 30 pounds of cat food in front. 
 Picture of a Wall lamp at some pizza place in Davao. I don't remember the name of the place.
 stray cats living in the box with blankets, food and water on my patio, Benbrook Texas
 on a pizza box, got left in the back of my truck and is no longer.  :(
 Waldorf red velvet birthday cake w/ cooked frosting &amp;amp; grated chocolate made by Sharon for 12/18/2007
 And old florist sign on a building now occupied by a pizza joint, insurance company and.....a florist.
 Just cooked homemade pizza in the oven
 Malabar Grey Hornbill  (with food for female in the nest in the tree trunk)
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 White cake with white chocolate cream cheese frosting, topped with raspberries and white chocolate shavings.The center has more fresh raspberries in it.
 White cake with white chocolate cream cheese frosting, topped with raspberries and white chocolate shavings.The center has more fresh raspberries in it.
 At the Wallen going for pizza in the boat
 Male house sparrow perched on the rail of the nest box before seeking more food for the babies. Photo by Dee
 Wooden sign for a pizza restaurant in Oaxaca, Mexico
 Trapped in her stone tower, the princess awaited her pizza delivery with much anticipation.
 in the window of a pizza shop (new york pizza) in amsterdam.
 in the window of a pizza shop (new york pizza) in amsterdam.
 best van in logan square, except for that creepy little clown pizza van
 A waiter in a fast food restaurant in Kuala Lumpur passes a table top with dirty cutlery.
 My baby girl who rat poison in the dog food stole from me.
 A pizza oven brick wall in an Italian cucina.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 Dark chocolate cake covered in chocolate ganache. Topped with chocolate fudge buttercream and hand painted royal icing with a golden luster.
 the swans fought the cat fish for the food thrown by the tourists
 This chocolate layered cake was covered in vanilla icing and wrapped in hot pink and purple fondant. 
 Street food in China... pig snoots, duck and chicken feet
 sugar bowls at pie in the sky pizza on center above shattuck
 Pepperoni and black olive pizza at Totonno's on Second Avenue in the 70s, New York City
 Lunck break: pizza baked in the temporary bread oven
 i forgot to put in a cup into the hot chocolate machine and it dripped into the street. i'm a fool, i'm sad.
 I saw this on the door of a bathroom at a fast food joint in Toronto
 Alyson cooking pizza in their new oven which sits in their new house!  YAYfor them.
 The best pizza in Pittsburgh, bar none.
 Taken from in the kitchen, can see into the bedroom and can see the animal's food area.  The stove and fridge are behind me.
 buffalo chicken pizza ( foreground) and Linda's ROOT salad in the rear  ( she loved that)
 It's a musical is having a pizza in the bus
 more interested in people at next table than the pizza
 Pigeons searching for food by the river medway near where the old library use to be.
 at bar near my place with free pizza - with Tommy and Sophia
 Probably the best food of the whole trip was in an Australian sofa bar (naturally), Los Perros, in Cusco
 little girl in a pizza shop
 Kekoa flying around the business tower at SJSU and screaming at dad to get food.
 Yellow cake filled with chocolate pudding covered in chocolate butter cream. Fondant and gum paste birthday girl and puppies
 Yellow cake filled with chocolate pudding covered in chocolate butter cream. Fondant and gum paste birthday girl and puppies
 Watch your pizza being made in the mirror at Il Pizzaiuola in Florence
 dinner with jons relatives.. pig knuckle, dumplings, spiciest food i had here in the blue dish, rabbit with pepperschinese foods
 Selfmade pizza in the oven
 Sky offering at pizza restaurant in Karon beach
 Palm Beach, ARUBAThis bird was looking for food along the beach left by the sunning tourists. 
 This is a mixture of oil, water, and blue food coloring.  The red is a shirt in the background.
 The pizza oven at the restaurant we had lunch in at Daylesford
 The best pizza pot pie in the universe! (via Foodspotting)
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 Handmade sign in pizza place - Shelburne Falls, Mass.
 Chocolate cake with chocolate espresso butter cream frosting and covered in vanilla flavored black fondant.
 Bottome tier Vanilla with vanilla pudding, top tier chocolate cake with chocolate cream covered in light blue fondant and colorful accents
 Bottome tier Vanilla with vanilla pudding, top tier chocolate cake with chocolate cream covered in light blue fondant and colorful accents
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 In Utrecht, eating our pizza's down by the water :)
 Hand made pizza made to order pizza cooked in a wood fired oven 
 Hand made pizza made to order pizza cooked in a wood fired oven 
 a cat in a bag of dog food, pumpkin &amp;amp; a frog.
 Strings of red lanterns light up the buildings in the food street of Jalan Alors in Bukit Bintang.
 A red-tail hawks waits on top of a telephone pole for food that might come from below
 The beet pizza after its ride in the wood fired oven
 Marzipan chick sitting in a shock tempered white and milk chocolate nest containing passion fruit bonbons and jelly beans.
 Lots of cabinets for food. All stone tile floor. stove in great condition.
 Greedy pig having his pizza in Venice 
 Rocky in the kitchen at the cat and dog food
 On the way back home from thr mountain had pizza at Pietro's in Hood River.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 we all run out the back door into the pizza hut beside us
 With the pizza oven in the upper centre
 gotten this at a doughboys california pizza place in virginia beach VA
 We'll probably put cat food and water under desk to keep it out of the way
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 Frank in kitchen making cat food
 our orange cake dipped in rich milk chocolate ganache
 Jeff's pizza in the oven
 Black and white cat policing closed food vendor during early morning hours in Mallory Square, Key West.
 Lemon syrup cake filled with lemon butter cream, covered with white chocolate ganache under fondant. Edible image
 Linux server in a pizza box
 Seagull hovering by the car window waiting for food
 From Baldo's Pizza in Brooklyn, NY, which supplied the pizza for the video shoot.
 The Carnival Splendor and a sailboat in the background. Pelicans vying for any sign of food. 
 Art glass Christmas tree chocolate with Happy Holidays box handcrafted by Hulet Glass. 
 A lot of character, proximity to good food by the river and paper thin walls.  Good times and highly recommended.
 our table number in Frank pepe pizza
 making pizza - going in oven
 Lots of little cafes on the riverfront in Zhujiajiao.  Mostly excellent food, although the river fish are not so hot.
 Leaf plate on the street near free food serving, Red Fort area, Old Delhi.
 Steve making pizza in convent kitchen
 an abandoned building near where I live in Canton NY.. used to be a pizza place, I've been told.
 When you stay at Kinsman Shelter you are in bear country so a special box is provided for your food.
 A young brown bear seeking for food on a shore near Tofino on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
 Maile, Andrea, Carol, and Greg near the pizza table
 Don't put cat food in the vending machine 
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Surprise! Looks like half a bag of dry dog food under there.  Luckly, no bugs or animals under there too!
 Brunei, Bandar Seri Begawan -- small tree at road verge, beside small food market on waterfront, possibly a local native.
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 My boys still drunk at 7am in Ktown, pizza buns and brown cow
 on friday's that shelf by the window is covered with a cornucopia of sweet sweet bar food 
 The pizza was worth the hour long wait in the bar before we got our table
 morning procession Buddhist novices with food bowls from monastery walking street in Yangon
 she wouldn't eat cat food, so i threw a whole fish in the blender. THAT is love.
 Ray on the steps of a bridge over the Tiber, eating Italian pizza and drinking wine from a cupo de plastico.
 You can feel the sikly and warm of the sand when walk in base food here
 A man making pizza in an oven shaped like a cat.
 Not a Domino's pizza box in sight...
 cat in Chania's food market
 Every year, the Matsons host a pizza party, where they cook pizzas in a brick oven in their yard.
 This reminds me of a  bear looking in a car window for food
 The Munny Show May 27th 53 Cannon St. Dtown Chas, SC by B'zar.  It's a pizza oven on wheels!
 delicious food... and beautiful ocean within a span of an hour. 
 1985 E.T. in cat food bag
 "Let me go, there's a pizza box all alone over there!! Pour thing!!!"
 Curry Village near pizza kitchen
 chocolate base with smooth purple vanilla buttercream icing finished with a custom flower in silver foil baking cups.
 devil's food cake dipped in white chocolate
 devil's food cake dipped in white chocolate
 Took it through my car window in the rain while eating pizza.
 HAKKA comfort food with Chung family. Fish ball in light chicken broth with vegetables and thin round rice noodles.
 A herd of spotted deers running across the grasslands in search of food and water.
 A 1/2 sheet chocolate cake covered in chocolate fudge icing and a dirt bike track.
 A 1/2 sheet chocolate cake covered in chocolate fudge icing and a dirt bike track.
 Gorgeous fruit bar this morning with special food art done by DFAC1.
 wer lust auf eine feine pizza hat in TANGER - der ist bei Pizza Top genau am richtigen Ort
 blue food coloring in water
 My odd chicken pizza in the HEP 5 building in Osaka...they were right, it was better with the tabasco sauce!
 Clare spotted this little spiky lad in the garden, a little cat food later and we managed to get this snap
 My kids thing lately has been to lay rocks out in bowls and call it dog food and cat food. 
 My kids thing lately has been to lay rocks out in bowls and call it dog food and cat food. 
 street food in Phayaopork and fish kebab
 Monika, Alice, Liz, Simone, and forgotten girl congregate in the kitchen...that's where the pizza was, after all.
 He's eyeing up a plate of dog food in our kitchen
 This was chocolate marshmallow pound cake with white chocolate parfait.Julians is at 318 Broadway in Providence.
 This was chocolate marshmallow pound cake with white chocolate parfait.Julians is at 318 Broadway in Providence.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 in place of a microwave., the steaming basket food and mug heater!
 This kid was working hard in the pizza vendor truck
 Spice  desk is one of most attractive stands in the food market
 I have spotted this bird near my house searching for food. 
 This is the best pizza in a cup ever
 A co-worker thought it would be amusing to put a chocolate bar in my water while I was away.
 probably the best pizza around, its next to seaside market in cardiff...
 lone pizza in the oven
 Play-doh kitchen making pizza in the oven
 pizza in the oven
 &amp;quot;Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.&amp;quot;Truman Capote
 #asse9 Theres 3 deep dish pizza below table level
 The 100ft chocolate bar box underneath is from my birthday. From Claire. Hi Claire!
 lettering on the top of the pizza box from somewhere in the bay area..nice lettering..a keeper
 Hooks above Steve's Pitt St sink where I wash the cat food plates.Still getting to know the new DMC-GF1.
 A wild cat in one of the mountain parks of Busan forages for food.
 Foxy stands in her food bowl to get a drink of water
 1st pizzas made in new pizza oven
 basil... the easiest plant to grow in the world...... and assure you a good pizza and/or tomato sauce
 Poor dog! A cute dog rests after searching through garbage for food in Jaipur, India.
 &amp;quot;best meat pies in the world&amp;quot; according to the person working the food stall at borough market (london / 20100607)
 I put some blue food colouring in a glass to see what would happen...still pretty I think.
 Tomorrow we'll visit 'The Rock'. Serves the best food in the neighbourhood. Only one person left his table in 30 years...
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 Real good new york pizza in san diego about time bongiornos in solana beach
 Ron Involved in an Infinite Vision of brick oven pizza
 Tango appreciates the insulation offered by a used pizza box
 Melt dark chocolate in a glass bowl simmering over boiling water.
 street food near the train station in Kaohsiung
 underneath the pizza king sign
 Copper kettle espresso machine, now serving as a plant holder, found in pizza joint.
 Lunch today was chicken pizza and vegetable soup from Village Pasta in Cole Habour.
 Somehow this pizza box was stuck in the tree
 This little duck kept ducking down in the water for food.
 A corner wall of a burned out food processing plant that burned spectacularly back in the spring. Albany, Ore.
 Crow out my window, eating pizza in the snow.
 Local market near Ban Dan Du with fresh fish and delicious food.
 Chicken, avacado, mushroom, and black olive pizza by ME!
 Eating pizza in the bathroom
 My dirty kitchen floor and Scooter choosing fried chicken juice over his dog gourmet food!  Typical.
 Chocolate mud cake covered in white chocolate curls.
 Cupcake in a pro plan cat food box
 chocolate dirt, in a flower pot
 the shady box of white chocolate that we found in the dumpster at Lake Champlain Chocolates
 Heather, Phil and Montse at Libertad, the best pizza house in Cusco
 Mom and Dad had to put a pizza box under me just so my feet could reach 
 Available on the inexplicable British food shelf at the Publix down the street from me in Jupiter, Florida.
 Well, I promised.  Here is the first pizza cooked in the new kitchen.  New oven works fine.
 I was walking down the streets in Bangkok one afternoon, and there was this dog next to a food stall......
 My first 3D fish cake, the fish is rice crispies the water is chocolate mud cake covered in buttercream
 wood oven pizza in the making
 Room tour.  TV on stand.  Microwave and fridge.  Grids in the corner holding all the food &amp;amp; kitchen stuff.
 Whats left of the chocolate truck that hit my train in Hungary
 Annas lunch in Avoca, garlic bread, chicken pot pie, cole slaw and salad.  (Irish food isn't that good!)
 Food cups fixed to the table and the person is belted to the table and the food storage is around
 pizza in the house
 sign in window of pizza place on 86th st. bklyn
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 A few fish in one of the fountains, swimming towards food the person sitting next to me has dropped in.
 A Taste of Rubies Edible Favors - Tiffany Themed favors, Oreos dipped in white and blue chocolate
 Most food preparation is done outside. Pounding the leaves in this wooden pot is hard work, but Ai is very strong.
 found this cuddly cat near a food court sleeping away the day. probably had a lot of booze last night...
 I put blue food coloring in the water as an experiment with the kids and the petals and stem turned blue.
 Yes, this is a hot food vending machine in the train station
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 sitting at the kitchen table hoping for food....he acts like he owns the place, just wanders in and sits down.
 the girl in the chocolate dress
 38/365 -- Improvising a quick run with the dog while the pizza is in the oven
 These are sketchy pet food ads all over italy - naked men and women wearing these dog and cat masks!
 white cake with strawberry and lemon curd filling (top 2 tiers) and white and dark chocolate mousse in the bottom tier
 surrounded by containers full of dog and cat food, oh heaven!
 Your custom-made chocolate bar is in its own cardboard box which rests in a plastic tray in the tin.
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 Almond Crunch cake with Green Tea buttercream frosting, with a fortune cookie dipped in white chocolate 
 Powdered sugar on almond cakes sitting in chocolate passion fruit sauce
 Cleanest van ever.  Note the chocolate bar by the AC vent.
 vegan chocolate cake I made for Incendio 2010, a wizard rock fest in PA.
 Food stalls near the night market. Very good vegiterian food and bbq'd fish and chicken for cheap! (Luang Prabang, Laos)
 Usa, texas, hill country near hunt, mourning dove on ground looking for food
 Pam (ahleya) in yellow hat -karen wearing pizza hat
 Tuesday 31/03/2009Jacob sitting in the kitchen thinking about something, probably how good that pizza was that we had for dinner.
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 An authentic pizza made in Italy, box en all. Snack served BCN-JFK.
 this is the place next door to the pizza restaurant.  i have no idea what's going on in there.
 This dress was originally chocolate brown in color.
 kate at miguel's pizza in the red river gorge
 We all created birthday wishes on the wall of some vegan pizza place in Capitol Hill.
 inspired by chockylit - chocolate cake, pink and white buttercream with disco sparkle and 100s &amp;amp; 100s
 The ground floor will be given over to entertainment and possible food, while the beers will be on the balcony above.
 A bag of fast food in my car Wednesday, October 17, 2007, in Decatur, Ill.
 The birds love cat food but the cats don't like to share. Ignore the toilet paper in the shot.
 Somehow this pizza box was stuck in the tree
 Green and orange tropical Bug walks down stem of plant in search for food.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Vanilla pound cake filled with raspberry preserves and white chocolate swiss meringue buttercream. Encased in white chocolate walls.
 Vanilla pound cake filled with raspberry preserves and white chocolate swiss meringue buttercream. Encased in white chocolate walls.
 The colorful heap in the water are all fish waiting for people to toss in food.
 Touching up the sign at a food stall near a busy market in South Delhi.
 A pizza van in Copenhagen
 40 lb bag of dog food that I didn't realize had a hole in it.  Fabulous
 Grooms cake featuring the grooms fave team.  The base is covered in chocolate ganache, the &amp;quot;s&amp;quot; is covered in fondant.  Made by Steve.
 Gpa says: I'm struck by the colorful tone of this pic---of the food, the plates, the clothing, and the wall hangings
 Some pizza like bread baked in an open oven with bacon, ham and eggs. Yummy!
 walking man brewery in stevenson, wa.  pizza and beer after backpacking is always a good choice.  
 Athabascan house.  The food is stored in the dog house on stilts at the left.
 Sea lion food in the main kitchen area
 The Samba girl who loves her pink and her partner in crime when it comes to stalking great food.
 sign for 42 street station in ny pizza company
 Seeing all these friends in a queue around a kitchen table heaped with food brings a real smile to my face.
 Little Lilly sleeping in the food bowl
 I guess this means no more eating leftover pizza in bed while watching 30 Rock.
 restaurant in the blue mountains. amazing deserts - would recommend the fruit chocolate fondue
 + dark chocolate, made in a brown paper bag in the microwave
 Rouge: Red velvet cake with sweet cream cheese buttercream enrobed in Belgian white chocolate buttercream and fondant.
 stray cats living in the box with blankets, food and water on my patio, Benbrook Texas
 Crystal jellyfish swimming in microplankton their food Notce the little white dots in the water  Monterey Bay Aquarium 
 Three layer chocolate cake filled with peanut butter cream cheese frosting, covered in chocolate buttercream frosting, and decorated with dark and white chocolate coils
 Three layer chocolate cake filled with peanut butter cream cheese frosting, covered in chocolate buttercream frosting, and decorated with dark and white chocolate coils
 Three layer chocolate cake filled with peanut butter cream cheese frosting, covered in chocolate buttercream frosting, and decorated with dark and white chocolate coils
 Robin had food poisoning so they reserved us beds by the door and the bathroom at the next hut.
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 Terrior--left over Valentines cup cake (not pictured: Olive oil loaf cake with spiced apples, chocolate budino with candied hazelnuts)
 Athan sitting in the kitchen next to the cat food dishes.  He looks so big in this photo.
 chocolate &amp;amp; yellow cake cupcakes made by tinzers and me..
 i like to spend hours in the kitchen messing up food, and also decorating the table with my favourite finds.
 chocolate & sea salt cookies in pig bowl
 chair at orbitz pizza in the morning
 Eating a kebab so big it came in a pizza box
 R by bar where they microwave the food!
 Found this in the hedge just outside the back door. Probably what's been eating the cat food lately.
 And hiding under all those roses and white stuff is yellow cake with chocolate frosting -- Daniel's favorite.
 Until the food arrived, this is all Laney wanted to do....Damn girl in a pink dress.
 kids selling chicken in a food market of Hyderabad, India
 we all cleaned our plates after a satisfying day in the sun and greasy food at the white horse
 Onion peel, food particles and stains in the kitchen cabinet
 Eric and Andy have this great pizza oven on their patio in Sonoma.  They make some great pizzas!
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Smash is a Piggy, and yes he gets cat food under his dried dog food
 Smash is a Piggy, and yes he gets cat food under his dried dog food
 At the Sunday market in Cusco, the only food kept in a case was some plastic fruit.
 red velvet and chocolate chocolate.The chocolate cupcakes are slightly short for the box inserts which results in frosting casualties.
 red velvet and chocolate chocolate.The chocolate cupcakes are slightly short for the box inserts which results in frosting casualties.
 our pizza came in a delivery box
 long pizza would not fit in car
 The Djema El-Fna square comes alive in the evening with the food stalls, the fruit and nuts and the orange juice sellers.
 Pullip in broken white knitted dress with chocolate braun crochet belt and tiny buttons
 The sunset reflected in water on top of the pizza place that is next to my apartment building. 
 3-tier birthday cake in black fondant and blue ribbons.Banana cake with chocolate filling
 Each chair had 6 Devonport chocolates inside, 3 dark chocolate hearts wrapped in orange foil and 3 white wrapped milk chocolate hearts.
 Each chair had 6 Devonport chocolates inside, 3 dark chocolate hearts wrapped in orange foil and 3 white wrapped milk chocolate hearts.
 White cake with white frosting, gluten free chocolate with marshmallow swirl and a raspberry, white cake dipped in chocolate ganache, vegan chai latte
 White cake with white frosting, gluten free chocolate with marshmallow swirl and a raspberry, white cake dipped in chocolate ganache, vegan chai latte
 Fish on green tomatoes. It looks like pizza in this photo but it was exquisite.
 You have to go to a base to get pizza of this caliber in our state.  At least there's always Wyoming!
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 Dark chocolate cake with peppermint marshmallow, dipped in white chocolate and decorated with candy and fondant to look like snowmen.
 I found Danbo wailing on the couch...... chocolate bar paper all over the place!Well little boy, shit happens!
 Taking a quick twirl around the kitchen before grabbing a pizza with some friends.
 Day 12 of 365: white wine and frozen pizza on a paper plate. It's a class act around here.
 Bill and I eating pizza in NYC
 Entrance to pizza restaurant on beach at night in Italy
 My pizza is pretty much the kitchen sink. Time will tell if it'll behave in the oven.
 After a 2 am HUGE slice of pizza and bar wading in The Mission. 
 Custom work to match customers chocolate dress and Jacket. The jacket in lace with sequins that reflect red and purple. 
 Ruby wedding gift.  18 in total, carrot and orange creamcheese, double chocolate and double vanilla, presented on an antique glass plate
 Isn't at all afraid of me any more. He's far too interested in eating the bird food to care.
 A restaurant advertises it's menu by display visually plastic food in the window case.
 As the economic downturn lingers, you see more folks sitting in fast food joints, than chillin' at sidewalk cafe's.
 Chocolate mud cake covered in chocolate fondant with a butterfly made from unbreakable gel.
 With his white chocolate flower in Cocoa Candy Land is Pastry Chef Christophe Mazeaud of Barry Callebaut.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Pixie hat in red with chocolate brown felt heart
 Refrigerated cat & dog food... finally something ridiculous AUS has over USA.
 The male osprey comes home with food for his mate...followed shortly by a female osprey intruder.
 cicis pizza in a myrtle beach bathroom.. tag yourself, sorry for the bad picture,,
 Booger the kitten again, this time sitting in the dog's food bowl
 A tiny bird looking for food in the dry ground
 This was across the street from Sorbillo, where we had lunch.  The pizza in Sorbillo was super delicious.
 The ball of wool has a ball of chocolate mud cake in the middle, covered in choc ganache and fondant like the cake.
 the small market by my place where i get my fruit and other cheap, delicious food from
 I hope they don't cross over the pizza
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (9)
 sled = Hallmark bag wrapped around a USED pizza box. Worked!
 Girly fondant pig not too sure about sitting in the chocolate mud :)
 Water in clear, glass dish.  Flash bounced off dark blue construction paper.  Water drops colored with pink food coloring.
 DEBS. 2 water bottle caps in her eyes & our newly baked chocolate buns!!!!
 cake shop in the covered market. These ones had lots of white chocolate on top.
 G Scott hunted that pizza with his bare hands and squeezed that juice from berries he collected in the woods.
 Meg's ball guy in the food bowl game
 1/2 sheet chocolate raspberry cake with white chocolate mousse filling and iced in buttercream.  Fondant accents and a fabric bow!
 1/2 sheet chocolate raspberry cake with white chocolate mousse filling and iced in buttercream.  Fondant accents and a fabric bow!
 My pizza at Pizzeria Bakra, baked in a stone oven!
 This cake was a chocolate cake with cinnamon-cayanne choc ganashe filling with white buttercream icing and covered in fondant
 Appetising fish sold at the food market in Luang Prabang
 Michaela had a blast making pizza in the kitchen at the Phoenix Children's Museum.
 Body is Chocolate Chip cookie cake with vanilla buttercream, head is pumpkin spice cake with caramel brown sugar buttercream, covered in chocolate choco-pan
 Spice cake balls coated in white chocolate. Yumola!
 A pizza cooking in the reflector oven at a remote camp on the St. John River, Maine.
 It's Katie's!  We were shooting at the pet food bowl on the table in the back yard.  I hit it..WOO..T.
 This is a classic stoopin' pose - nyc stylee, in front of pizza shop, with the box contents unpacked
 Emran making pizza in my new kitchen
 Playing around with green food dye and a glass of water...
 brownie ball dipped in white chocolate marshmallows for ears.  Did turn out great but yummy to eat.
 MMF covered cake colored in deep chocolate brown, followed by soft pink stripes and bow.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Cup holder by the pizza box
 Emily is wearing khaki capri pants, chocolate brown under shirt with light blue wrap around cotton shirt 
 Everyone ate Hurley-themed chicken ( seriously it was in a Mr Clucks Chicken Box) on airplane sized food trays. 
 Melting chocolate on stove over hot water
 close-up of fire and pot&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of fire and pot&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of fire and pot&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of fire and pot&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 Both the pizza oven and firepit can be seen in this picture
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store
 including a built in desk that's main purpose is to hide the cat food :)
 The table is ready--serving Buffet style so plates are in the kitchen with the food.
 Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache. Decorated as a princess castle theme with little flowers and grass around cake.
 dog in food bowl
 my cute Croatian in house slippers. The only I've bought besides food and housing basics.
 The table outside the best pizza restaurant in Kauai.
 Clementine snacking with a little mousy dog toy in the food bowl
 Authentic asian food in metal bowl on bamboo plate
 Cool table in the pizza place.
 this girl came every morning for food in Leh very savvy and street wise
 The market at Uyuni - oddly, there's a great pizza place in Uyuni.
 Timmy stays over at Jeffrey's house tonight. The boys have a little party and have pizza and watch movies.
 pizza in a bucket. and chips. and animal crackers. and french fries (oh my!)
 While you all eat nice home cooked food with your family i eat oven pizza all alone in a hostel basement.
 While you all eat nice home cooked food with your family i eat oven pizza all alone in a hostel basement.
 A man prepares squid kabobs in a street food market in Changsha, Hunan, China.
 This is a small beach section in which there is a resturant up over the hill that has great Sea food.  
 It's cool to lie in a half empty box of cat food.
 Traditional Red Velvet cake mixed with cream cheese icing, dipped in white chocolate.
 Although the picture of this cake in the book showed it green; I guess they put food coloring in it.
 Apparently the well and olive tree are vital to provide water and food in the case of siege.
 chocolate carved pirate ship cake iced in chocolate buttercream.cindyscakery@ymail.com
 chocolate carved pirate ship cake iced in chocolate buttercream.cindyscakery@ymail.com
 The white things in the foreground are lamb lungs.  The food in the bowl is steamed insided the lungs.  At Muslim Street Market in Shanghai.
 A vending machine in Nuremberg train station.. with everything you could possibly want.. Including pet food, cheese, shampoo..
 Me and Elise singing in the car while we waited for our pizza to be ready
  bird food cage in tree
 Water with blue food coluring in a vase, then about 300 shots to capture a water droplet in focus
 2 layers of chocolate and one layer of white cake with strawberry filling in between...fudge frosting &amp;amp; requested &amp;quot;swirls&amp;quot;
 pizza truck at the market in Reiz
 the lorax in the pizza box
 Company-- pizza going in the hot oven
 This neon sign was down the street in the pizza place where we ate dinner
 in desperation, in the small ghost town of van horn, TX, the band eats at pizza hut.
 txting @ pizza bar in chelsea, nymar 12, 2007
 this pizza truck had been sitting in the shopping center for plenty of YEARS! no wonder!
 Some sort of bird that digs in the sand for food.
 Walking down a skinny street market in busy Phnom Penh standing almost on top of the food.
 fruit, chocolate and lemon tiers with 2 dummies one covered with ivory lace. cake surrounded by white chocolate curls
 fruit, chocolate and lemon tiers with 2 dummies one covered with ivory lace. cake surrounded by white chocolate curls
 devil's food white out cake by dori greenspan
 didn't get the pic like I wanted but I caught him standing in the dog's food bowl LOL
 A wash house in the chocolate box village of Pontrieux
 Before putting the pizza in the oven
 Excellent pizza joint in the ground floor of The Morris, on the Riverwalk, in downtown San Antonio, TX. 
 A blackbird searching for, and finding, food on the bird table in the snow.
 Sitting in the kitchen eating chocolate chip oatmeal cookies and reading &lt;i&gt;Calvin and Hobbes&lt;/i&gt;
 Neon sign for Pietro's pizza in Milwaukie, OR. 
 Blue and red food coloring in a cup
 Mickey shaped pizza in box
 Circular flying pattern over the beach looking for food.
 red leaf paper by eloquent ink with chocolate bookcloth. 
 This is standing by the bathroom door. You can see the pantry door is open here. It holds Tons of food! 
 The cat food is clearly visible in a bright pink line above the kit.
 this duck was all up in my face after we gave him some food. 
 she sent this pizza box to fill space in the larger box
 This was a tree at Sebangau National Park, which had been slashed open by a sun bear looking for food.
 Playing around with some post processing on a water drop hitting red food coloring sitting on a mirror.
 Chocolate in my chocolate brown office
 In window of local pizza place. Ya know, just in case anyone is in the market for a bull.
 Andy and Eric put a pizza oven in their backyard in Sonoma - it's the best pizza you will ever eat!
 Andy and Eric put a pizza oven in their backyard in Sonoma - it's the best pizza you will ever eat!
 waiting for the boat and getting some food at a street food stand in Ban Phe
 waiting for the boat and getting some food at a street food stand in Ban Phe
 chocolate bear in a chocolate window
 chocolate bear in a chocolate window
 Exactly how I envisioned the fairy garden - trees and grass and happy kids running around eating chocolate.
 Theis bar is in the center, basically on the back of a wall of cashiers for the food court
 18 cupcakes covered in chocolate icing outlined in blue icing and simply decorated with pink flowers
 Poor chef on his own preparing all of the food in a very hot glass fronted kitchen
 Although pizza exists in Japan, it's ridiculously expensive.  3 pizzas, some fries and some fried chicken costs over $100.  
 I had some leftover egg whites and found a bottle of red food coloring in my cupboard. Volia!
 Muskrat eating the food he caught in the river (what we fed him)
 Vanilla heart-shaped cake covered in pink Swiss buttercream, chocolate flowers
 Best pizza in the west!!!!! Dion's green chilie and pepperoni and cheese pizza
 Best pizza in the west!!!!! Dion's green chilie and pepperoni and cheese pizza
 10&amp;quot; and 6&amp;quot; ball of chocolate cake with chocolate  icing under fondant. Gumpaste figures, and embellishment.
 10&amp;quot; and 6&amp;quot; ball of chocolate cake with chocolate  icing under fondant. Gumpaste figures, and embellishment.
 for a comfort food dinner, we ate sitting at the coffee table in the living room
 Street food in Siem Reap.  That plate of food that guy's eating cost $1.
 Street food in Siem Reap.  That plate of food that guy's eating cost $1.
 tried pizza brutta on monroe street in madison tonight... yummy!!!
 Pizza bar at the boat bar in Mahoo. Great food!
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 this is the ground floor of a two-story market in dalat.  the upper floor is a food court.
 8&amp;quot; carrot cake with white chocolate and cinnamon ganache.Inspired by many great nautical themed cakes here on Flickr.
 dolphin food - these fish were making a big commotion in the water by the USF campus
 Two female tourists sitting on a beach with food sellers beside them in Vietnam
 Our dog Baby up at Stanley Lake in Idaho laying next to her food and water dish.
 there's pizza dough under the white sheet and a wood-fired oven up to the right.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 in my mind i want to get the green tea cake or the blueberry cake. but the chocolate cake won. yummy :)
 That pizza has no chance to escape over the crust wall
 Chocolate mud cake with royaltine base and surrounded by milk chocolate mousse.
 koi fish scurrying for food on top of the rock in our garden pond at home.
 2010.365 Project - Day #125 (5/5/2010)Stained glass window in the men's room at OB People's food co-op.
 I went to the Blue Whale Station.It felt kinda wrong to be eating sea food in a building dedicated to sea life... 
 Fresh food market in an old horse carriage house, Sydney
 This black bear was hanging out beneath our cabin's deck looking for food, Chalet Village, Tennessee, November 28, 2008
 Spinach too.  Yum!Lighting:  Camera mounted SB-900 in TTL mode, bounced from silver reflector pizza right.
 People getting food...  (the guy in the white shirt is related to me, I forget how.)
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (1)
 An extravagant flouless orange cake with chocolate ganache in the middle and outside, with shaved chocolate on top!
 An extravagant flouless orange cake with chocolate ganache in the middle and outside, with shaved chocolate on top!
 I think this was an old chocolate box originally. It had glass Christmas baubles in it when I got it.
 For the food table centerpieces we created stands sitting in the hat boxes which raised the hats to create varying heights.
 Roasting garlic for pizza in Mark's DIY backyard brick oven
 A full sheet chocolate grooms cake covered in chocolate buttercream icing, accented with burnt orange icing and 2 longhorn logos
 A full sheet chocolate grooms cake covered in chocolate buttercream icing, accented with burnt orange icing and 2 longhorn logos
 Muskrat eating the food he caught in the river (what we fed him)
 A bee flying off a flower in search for more food.
 Bread and pizza making in brick oven
 Day 2/25 Part 3Bob1: I'm gonna get that rascal who pot hot peppers in the pizza sauce!
 Stuck in a pizza box
 Shoes over Little ceasars ripped pizza box over fire. Gotta love it.
 Lindsay just had to have some chocolate, so they tied a trash bag around her neck to keep her dress clean.
 Cora is playing in mommy's old desk and wearing Uncle Kristopher's Rambo shirt (to stay clean from eating pizza).
 chocolate cup cake baked in a mug
 Eating pizza on the street in front of our hotel in Stockholm.  
 It's almost 11pm...time for dinner! We're starving! Domino's garlic bread and pepperoni pizza in bed will hit the spot...
 On the way back home from thr mountain had pizza at Pietro's in Hood River.
 A blackbird searching for, and finding, food on the bird table in the snow.
 The wall in one of the happy pizza shops
 Common trash items collected by volunteers included food wrappers, paper and plastic bags, cans, bottles and cigarette butts. 
 You toss some cat food in the water out at the reef and the water is instantly full of these little goldfish.
 That's a piece of pizza in a bag of nachos, classy xtian, classy.
 Red velvet cake with white chocolate buttercream filling and icing, covered in fondant and fondant decorations.
 having pizza on a sidewalk cafe in Greenwich Village
 Crossroads by pizza box
 pizza baking in the oven
 red and blue in pizza place
 Won 1st place in Most Favorite category. Mitt made of ready-made pizza dough accompanied with red pepper hummus. 
 A little street right by my favorite cheap pizza place and my cheap gelato place.  
 A female moose (Alces alces) searching for food in a river in Wyoming.
 A house sparrow spotted looking for food in the garden.
 The best hot chocolate in all of Stockholm is at Chokladkoppen, there on the first floor of the gold building in the middle.
 celebrating her birthday at side street pizza in tryon....we didnt have any real rope ....so we used &amp;quot;invisible rope&amp;quot;
 fruit is much more special when dipping it in chocolate yogurt in a limoges cup
 Great salad bar but lousy pizza in La Grande, OR
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 Wood-burning pizza oven just like the ones I had in Melkbos.
 Horse walking over the snowy field to get some food.
 Some birds were eating the example pizza in front of a restaurant
 This was the pizza and pizza box found in the Gold Coast Airport. I love the descriptions, whereas Zaid loved the Hawaiian pizza :D
 This was the pizza and pizza box found in the Gold Coast Airport. I love the descriptions, whereas Zaid loved the Hawaiian pizza :D
 This was the pizza and pizza box found in the Gold Coast Airport. I love the descriptions, whereas Zaid loved the Hawaiian pizza :D
 red velvet cake pops with cream cheese icing, dipped in white chocolate
 Bitesize belgian chocolate covered cake truffles. Moist chocolate cake balls covered in milk and white belgian chocolate.
 Bitesize belgian chocolate covered cake truffles. Moist chocolate cake balls covered in milk and white belgian chocolate.
 Bitesize belgian chocolate covered cake truffles. Moist chocolate cake balls covered in milk and white belgian chocolate.
 green velvet cake/creamcheese icing,enrobed in white chocolate
 The biggest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world and also one of the largest wholesale food markets of any kind.
 He found his way in the dog food bag hehe. December 11th 5/365
 Two street cats, eating food put out by a local cat lover, are briefly illuminated by a passing car
 Chocolate mud cake with royaltine base and surrounded by milk chocolate mousse.
 pizza in the oven
 This is the food we got on the boat from Yurimaguas to Iquitos (cooked in water from the amazon)
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 Buttermilk cake filled with key lime custard topped with white chocolate cream cheese frosting rolled in graham cracker crumbs
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Hot chocolate in a paper cup
 This was the reason there was no pizza.  These clowns were sitting by the oven eating it!
 A cat stealing food from someones basket on their bike in front of my shop, lol
 At pizza fusion in palm beach gardens...good food!
 At pizza fusion in palm beach gardens...good food!
 Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting dipped in milk &amp;amp; white chocolate and decorated with hundreds &amp;amp; thousands
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 It was fun watching this Blue Heron flying from rock to rock in chase of  food. ;o)
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (2)
 field of a food material in a kind of a lake
 Tropical and white chocolate flavored cake truffles, covered in wafer thin fondant and then dressed! 
 Orange-espresso mousse in chocolate cup w/ red grapes and black berries
 Best street truck food in the country.
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 The cats got into the cupboard above the kitchen aquarium and dropped a tin of cat food. Not effective.
 this scavenger was hanging around our table at the pizza place
 Black and white photograph of a table of catered food by Caplan's Delly, c. 1990.
 3-tier cocoa fudge wedding cake with white chocolate buttercream and surrounded by blocks of white chocolates.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Macro of water droplet in a kitchen sink full of colored food dye
 making pizza in the brick oven
 Lady selling fruit and vegetables at food market in Saint Martin, Virgin Islands
 We even baked a pizza in the oven tonight with out it shutting down. 
 9x13 chocolate cake with handmade fondant makeup decorations.  Makeup bag is also choc cake covered in fondant.
 Homemade pizza with fresh basil from a pot in my backyard, and fresh mozzarella courtesy of Lulu.
 grillin corn, pizza and cinnamon rolls in a stone fire oven I built out at desert rocks
 Sharing your chocolate cake baked in an orange on a campfire for 2 hours
 Houhai, a bar and restaurant area in Beijing. Recommend Hutong pizza located here.
 This was kind of cool... thought I'd share it.A corner of the atrium ceiling, sitting in the food court eating area.
 The bar at Joe's Fox Hut - amazing ambiance + pizza with pepper in sauce
 Campfire - the chicken in this pot gave me food poisoning
 Restaurant, waiting in the car for the others to emerge with latte and espresso. The pizza sign was enticing.
 The kitchen in my freshman dorm at Wake - eating some of the best pizza.
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 dinner in Nara - pizza and house wine
 painted in dark chocolate brown and hot pink
 These carp are swarming on some fish food that a litte girl has just tossed in the water.
 Located in Osu also, the food was pretty good even the chicken fish :)  Day 3
 New, High Styled, chocolate brown woven rattan occasional chair with metal frame for durability. Made in Indonesia. Quantity 1
 Not the usual food for a Grey Heron, this water logged drowned Rat was promptly swallowed by the bird
 On the 3rd floor in the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a secret pizza joint. Follow the dark corridor to find it.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Old pizza sign in Bonnie Brae
 Trick pizza that self-destructs in the oven
 Jaryl's enchanted forest covered in chocolate fondant, with contrast of leaves in orange and green.
 A doodle wall in a pizza restaurant
 cute miniature food stuff in the window
 everyone around the table kneading their dough. look carefully for katie's pizza dough flying into the air
 The monkey hanging out in the tree with his stolen food from the restaurant. 
 A grass bowl by my building. Nice for frisbee and food.
  Female Anhinga spreads its wings to dry after submerging in water to spear fish for food.
 My bowl of food at my house in Mattoon, Illinois on February 28, 2009. (Jay Grabiec)
 She's eating with her hand and got food all over her shirt.There is little depth of field with an 800mm lens.
 Chocolate fondant covered chocolate cake with pink roses and plait around the base.
 Here I am in my ice castle's throne, enjoying a cup of blue salt drink and ice pizza
 &amp;quot;fizzy ball&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;white chocolate, black olive and mango box, carrot cake macaroon and saffron bumdrop in edible rapper
 food in bowl in sink
 Or pepperoni, onion, black olive, bacon, and mushroom in pizza shorthand.
 haha poor artem's eyes really hurt from my bottle caps... this is at Uno, pizza place in Kyiv
 A good Thornton Heath juxtapostion. Quality of white and black cultural food traditions proclaimed proudly side by side.Whitehorse Lane... 
 Long queues at the eating places in Tsukiji market in Tokyo. I really wonder if the food at the longest queue is the best...
 The pizza oven in Huaraz
 The upper floor windows of the building which has been taken over by a US pizza chain
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Bringing in the 2-ton container of dog food for my giant golden retriever.
 Louie, Vinny, and Romeo waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 12th birthday cake in pink and black. Bottom tier is vanilla with top tier chocolate orange.
 Chocolate raspberry truffles dipped in white chocolate. Chocolate orange truffles dipped in dark chocolate. Fondant leaves and flowers. 
 Chocolate raspberry truffles dipped in white chocolate. Chocolate orange truffles dipped in dark chocolate. Fondant leaves and flowers. 
 in kitchen at Lu's father Tony's house - making pizza!
 this is a photo of black bird that  was looking for food ,  in garden
 A pair of pelicans roaming in the fish market looking for food.
 An over priced pizza place across the street from the Colosseum, Rome, Italy.
 passion fruit drink rs. 40, death by chocolate cake rs. 50, peppermint tea rs. 40
 Artwork hanging on the wall at the pizza place near the office.
 she's fast asleep with her nose in an empty fish food pot 
 Gumpaste flowersBottom layer chocolate cake coffee buttercreamTop layer vanilla cake lemon buttercreamcovered in white fondant
 fondant monkey topper holding ballons, balloons all around cake and gum border with chocolate #1 
 Jason cooking up some pizza in he and Amy's outdoor kitchen
 Airplane food wrapped in a mysterious blue and white foil package and a Harry Potter book. 
 He lives in the outdoor laundry room and here is spotted in Smudge's food bowl
 Blue Jay sitting in a tree waiting for his chance in the food pile below.
 and paper plates for our first meal - hawaiian pizza in a dive bar near the harbor.
 Dinosaur food in this cloud forest
 This sign is in the front door of what was Sontino's.  The economy is affecting pizza; now I'm angry.
 Faces made with lunch items based on a randomly selected expression.&amp;quot;Bemused&amp;quot; food &amp;amp; paper on plate by Caryn Persinger
 White chocolate cake in a delicate white chocolate shell, garnished with raspberries and citrus. 
 White chocolate cake in a delicate white chocolate shell, garnished with raspberries and citrus. 
 Blood red velvet cake dipped in chocolate
 street food market - pork, i think, with duck in the background
 Samir & Bob at some whole in the wall pizza place.
 Tiny chocolate covered strawberries on a pink plate with fork, under a red bow charm hung on a gold tone chain.
 7 pounds of vacation tomatoes become pizza sauce but don't let the pot hand over the counter
 A natural water bed for our feathered visitors, plenty of food for these birds just below their resting place.
 Cooked on a pizza stone in our gas oven.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 The blue heron looks around in the water, stalking unsuspecting fish for food.
 I took this in the car while waiting for my mom outside a pizza place.
 The pizza hut in the main market area of downtown Mainz.
 Narae eating food in a cute box at Wasabi
 This cake was inspired by the pink cake box cake with the exception of fondant most of this cake is with buttercream and chocolate.
 Hand knitted beanie with 100 % recycled wool in dark chocolate brown and yellow and reddish orange.
 Baking pizza in our small kitchen
 A cat sitting on a chair in a food centre.
 We're at a fantastic market by the water in Singapore.  The food is excellent and really cheap!
 Nutmeg is in the cat food bag while Ernie is watching curiously, wondering what he is doing
 No flash.  Shot through the window while waiting for my pizza to finish.  Tweaked exposure in Lightroom 3.3.
 Because standing around in nasty fast food shops is brilliant!Spotted in a Stockwell fried chicken shop on NYE.
 Josh and Zoe in my kitchen for the pizza party, roll your own dough!
 Hell pizza in New Zealand.  the center of the pizza box tears out and folds into a little coffin
 Hell pizza in New Zealand.  the center of the pizza box tears out and folds into a little coffin
 HDR Image of my 100 watts kitchen bulb in fog after I forgot some pizza in the oven ....
 No flash.  Shot out the window while waiting for my pizza to finish.  Tweaked the exposure in Lightroom 3.3.
 starting the fire in the pizza oven with last year's olive lop2.9.2010Leporino, Italy
 This is the old sub-station for Terry's chocolate factory. A tree fell in a storm and destroyed the roof
 Grace and the table decoration flower whilst she waits for her pizza in the Triangle, Manchester 
 here i was experimenting with oil, water and food colours in a glass again...
 our 'we heart floor 3!' party in april! we had ice cream cake and pizza and decorated t-shirts!
 my shirt was delivered in a pizza box
 the fedora flower was delivered in a pizza box.
 Peru, amazon river basin, near iquitos, maranon river, village, house on stilts, food, bananas
 pizza pic-nic first night in our new house
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 The cake was covered in homemade white chocolate fondant
 Custom work to match customers chocolate dress and Jacket. The jacket in lace with sequins that reflect red and purple. 
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 last night in Bethel before the move. Kate and Ned and I walked across the bridge to go to the pizza place.
 4 May 2008dinner: veggie pizza. Straight out of the box in the oven :D
 Pink lemonade cupcakes with red and blue flowers; s'mores cupcakes with chocolate clay flowers.  Invitations by Erin Bardar.
 at low tide the beach is covered in these. Sand crabs filtering the sand for food make them
 The biggest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world and also one of the largest wholesale food markets of any kind.
 Montbretia Lucifer flowers in burnt orange with white blossoms and hollow hearts, chocolate, sponge and fruit cake.
 pizza in the wash house
 white chocolate coconut mud.  Inspired by a beautiful cake by SmallThingsIced here on flickr
 Mekong river fish, in the night food market - delicious!
 yellow and blue food coloring in gray square pan...shallow water
 Nieuwe pasta &amp;amp; pizza bar op het Kiel in Antwerpen.Good food, no (alcoholic) drinks :-(
 Nieuwe pasta &amp;amp; pizza bar op het Kiel in Antwerpen.Good food, no (alcoholic) drinks :-(
 red food thingy's with green stuff in em.
 Spider the black cat turned chocolate by the sun.
 The butterfly fish were swimming beneath me expecting food.
 nonna maria pizza from bleecker street pizza in nyc
 nonna maria pizza from bleecker street pizza in nyc
 tiered baby shower cake . All edible decoration in fondant, white chocolate and buttercream. Helen
 The boys in the pizza kitchen
 Another spiderman cake - a 1/2 sheet chocolate cake covered in white buttercream icing accented with red and black icing
 Brick oven pizza in a local restaurant. Trastevere, Rome
 The bird was looking for its food when walking around near arrow River
 2LT Metesh eating some pizza in the S1 office. It was her going away party!
 Louie and Romeo waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 The wall decorations in a pizza place.
 The oven wouldn't work, so it was decided that we would fry the pizza over the stove. 
 Cigar box Groom's Cake -- fondant cigars resting in a dark chocolate cake
 pizza and FUN in a plant store!
 This duck came onto our boat in the search for food (or maybe friendship)
 Chocolate cake covered in blue butter icing and then covered in white and milk chocolate buttons.
 A vendor sells food on the food floor of a large department store near the Osaka train station.
 A vendor sells food on the food floor of a large department store near the Osaka train station.
 Rose and Helen waiting for a hand full of cat food treat by the dog door. By: Eric Reed
 I was surprised to see the cow eating apple, rich people food in South East Asia.
 casey showing off his broken bike in front of andrews pizza in hood river
 white cake with vanilla buttercream, dipped in white chocolate and coconut.
 pizza by the river
 Seagulls waiting for food from those guys in the red car
 French vanilla cake with raspberry buttercream dipped in dark chocolate and wrapped in white modeling chocolate
 French vanilla cake with raspberry buttercream dipped in dark chocolate and wrapped in white modeling chocolate
 The cool pizza oven that makes pizza in a minute.
 The cool pizza oven that makes pizza in a minute.
 Carrot cake cupcakes with green and black (dark chocolate) toppers to work in the wedding colors.
 used cat food bag in background
 witchy girl in a pizza parlor
 This was setup next to our stand. I was breathing in smoke from the wood-fired pizza oven all day :(
 Your homemade pizza will be the talk of the town when cooked with the best pizza oven in the world.
 Your homemade pizza will be the talk of the town when cooked with the best pizza oven in the world.
 dine --- A pizza place situated beside a small river flowing through the city.
 Later he looked in my beach bag for food
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 A boy with his food for sale in the floating market
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 A display of plastic food in the window of my local Chinese takeaway
 The male bluebird brings the food for the baby bird waiting in the nest.
 Hand piped white chocolate butterflies flutter around the cake
 One of the oldest stores in town.....original building...and next door is the best old fashioned pizza parlor in North Bay.....
 Heart Wicked chocolate cake iced in ganache with red & pink fondant hearts
 Raccoon was in the kitchen eating the cat's food. We made him eat outside. #wildlife #fb
 Neon sign in the window of a Chinese food restaurant in Washington, DC.
 Meditation stone terrarium made in large plastic snack food bottle 
 You'd have to be in the kitchen to appreciate the smell and shortly after the taste. This pizza was delicious.
 The kids made dinner for us over at their grandparents, pizza and bunny cake of course!
 Trouble waits by the oven for some pizza (which she won't get).
 A pizza restaurant near the train station.
 good times at BAR in New Havenbrick oven pizza and amazing beer
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 Both white mud cake with white chocolate ganache... Covered in fondant with piped royal icing
 Homemade pizza by Dan; table decor by Suzy
 Stove in!  Undercounter lights twinkling. We are cooking pizza in the oven tonight.
 The red light in the kitchen was not conducive to food shots.
 pizza in the hotel bar
 chocolate gluten free cupcake in a tissue paper liner topped with orange tinted cream cheese frosting and halloween sprinkles.
 Luk, Jesse, Isaak, and Gideon playing around before pizza and cake time.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Diana, in the black shirt, is an exchange student from Germany. This is our team's preseason pizza party.
 A part-eaten chocolate vanilla cream biscuit in a brown lid perched on top of a pedestrian crossing button.
 very BIG fish in a bowl at a food market
 pizza relleno - cheese, ham, sauce-on-top, sometimes green olives. ubiquitous in uruguayo sandwich joints.  (montevideo, uruguay)
 He smeared pizza sauce all over his face - and then gave a cute smile.
 sign from my favorite pizza joint in eagle rock
 Note the food bag hanging near upper right. A fed bear is a dead bear, kids.
 This is the main food preparation device in the Boundary Waters. A small, folding camp stove that burns white gas.
 Spot the dirty nappy in amongst the food on the table - nice
 Path is crushed almonds, bridge over stream is chocolate chunks, stream is blue icing.
 The kitty cat picnic, complete with rice krispie cake covered in tinted chocolate &amp;amp; real candles.
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 It's Katie's!  We were shooting at the pet food bowl on the table in the back yard. 
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 We burnt and broke a pizza in the oven
 Pepperoni and black olive pizza at Totonno's on Second Avenue in the 70s, New York City
 October, 2010White chocolate raspberry cake layered with strawberry mousse and covered in white chocolate ganache
 October, 2010White chocolate raspberry cake layered with strawberry mousse and covered in white chocolate ganache
 Buttery cake with macadamia chunks in batter, topped with Swiss Buttercream, white chocolate drizzle and more macadamia.
 what you get when you have seven kids over to your house for eyeball pizza
 timbermill no wale corduroy shirt in chocolate brown
 A pizza house in San Antonio.
 ... and signing a pizza box in my tent.Task:Get a homeless person to sign a pizza box (20 points)
 ... and signing a pizza box in my tent.Task:Get a homeless person to sign a pizza box (20 points)
 That butterfly was just taken from the hatching box and placed in the food dish (via green stick).
 The Ripper is generally in charge of feeding the dog when food comes walking by...
 at a lorenzo's pizza on south street in philly
 people were putting chicken in my pizza
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 eighty cupcakes in total. Cupcakes were caramel white chocolate cake with buttercream frosting
 A typical street food stand in Vietnam - This woman is serving fish and jelly-fish rice noodle soup
 This skunk was caught red-handed eating cat food in a Gilroy backyard.
 A popular pizza shop with a car in the window.
 40 lb bag of dog food that I didn't realize had a hole in it.  Fabulous
 I was hand holding the pizza box above the car for the main shot
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 I'm stuck in a cage! (Not really a cage, just my fence to keep me out of Sidnie's dog food.)
 Charming dark-haired girl smiles and hold in one's hand chocolate bar, on red background.
 A food truck sign for artichokes, burgers, tacos and lumpia outside the Pezzini Farm stand in Castroville, CA...
 Popcorn, chocolate bar in wrapper, and a cup of coke with a straw
 51/365A heron standing on the ice in the middle of the lake looking for food.
 The result of placing a windflower in a glass filled with water mixed with a few drops of red food coloring
 Rich and Diana in the pizza bar at the Mews.
 9&amp;quot;x13&amp;quot; white cake with raspberry swirl.  Covered in buttercream with fondant blocks and white chocolate letters.  (20/35)
 A vintage Peter Max inspired 7 Up sign adorns this pizza business in Oelwein,IA.
 Rich white coconut buttercream coated with toasted coconut over chocolate cake filled with chocolate pastry cream filling.  
 Rich white coconut buttercream coated with toasted coconut over chocolate cake filled with chocolate pastry cream filling.  
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Nothing like the smell homemade pizza cooking in the oven to take over the house.
 Kay, Fred and Marie in front of the building that houses the lounge and meeting room, gift shop and restaurant (excellent food).
 After eating wood fired pizza in Chandler.  Thanks for taking the picture Alex
 a basic mug, in striped chocolate and red clay.
 thats a piece of chicken with pizza toppings on it in the middle of the fish market
 food in the pink house first class catering
 Young girl selling food at a bus stop in the Cambodian Countryside.
 Overnight, the cat food that I made froze in my kitchen next to my balcony door.
 A rock and roll bar that serves food in the Marais, Rue Vielle de Temple.
 Sure, pizza in the street 4/19/08
 these bird were going CRAZY over this slice of pizza
 Van Jack in the box Een van de beste fast food milkshakes
 Flourless orange cake &amp;amp; chocolate brownie made with locally sourced produce at Heronswood in Dromana, Victoria, Aust.
 Eating street food on Khao San road in Bangkok
 Our shop chicken, who I call Chicken, running beside me as I carry her cat food out to her dish.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (4)
 Little water statue next to the cafe we had pizza at while in Palm Cove.
 Corn and a pot sit on a food vendor's wood fired grill in the market at Tepoztlan, Mexico.
 Carol won this door prize! 5lbs of chocolate. Here she is in our kitchen
 An original diner car in Brooklyn, NYC. Confirmed to have the best flourless chocolate cake and lovely outside patio.
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario.
 Chocolate cake soaked in espresso &amp;amp; condensed milk, filled with chocolate mousse with a white chocolate ganache frosting, made by Mario.
 Happiness was found in a 30c bag of bird food
 bamboo steamer food vendor on a block-long street market on fangbang lu (and tibet lu) in puxi, shanghai, china.
 Pat cooking pizza in Claudios oven
 nothing says bar food like a corn dog in Big Bear
 Our table of food, as seen from a table lamp.  Or a very tall person who is leaning over a table.
 To best enjoy space pizza, you must put a red shirt over your head.
 in the kitchen begging for cat food
 Great little Hedgehog looking for food in a black bag in the garden.  Milton Keynes.
 Adding food to the shelves-snacks in individual packets get dumped out of their boxes and into the white plastic basket.
 veggie pizza baking in the oven
 Cashews and chocolate sticks under the lid and a bottle of ranch dressing for the carrots.
 across the table at pizza express in downtown pinner
 The best pizza in Italy was found in a small restaurant in the Tuscan mountain town of Santa Fiora.
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 An underground restaurant in Temple Bar with bean bag chairs and duck pizza.
 A pair of pelicans roaming in the fish market looking for food.
 chocolate mousse, topped with freshly whipped cream, served in a white chocolate liqueur-rimmed glass
 chocolate mousse, topped with freshly whipped cream, served in a white chocolate liqueur-rimmed glass
 Thad being himself in the food car of our overnight train from Nong Khai to Bangkok
 A neat clock on the ceiling of the food court in Seoul train station.
 Free chocolate from a market testing firm thingy. Each one of the pillow boxes has 6 bars in it.
 Manhattan, New York23rd street and 6th avenue.Typical New York pizza sold by the slice (about $2 in Manhattan).
 pizza stone preheated in oven
 some poor little girls bicycle helmet, lost and placed conveniently under a metal sign (advertising a nearby pizza parlor)
 When we ordered our food, this old duck sat and peeled our spuds whilst watching the TV in the res
 Chocolate cake, covered in buttercream with twizzlers for straps and white chocolate shells, sand is graham cracker crumbs.
 Chocolate cake covered in white chocolate cream. Topped with white chocolate shavings and decorated with white flowers. 
 Chocolate cake covered in white chocolate cream. Topped with white chocolate shavings and decorated with white flowers. 
 Took while walking toward Hanover St. in search of pizza
 My afternoon treat in Villa Belgrano- renowned Black Forest cake and buttery house hot chocolate...devine!
 Sweet shirt bought in Harajuku.  Thankfully, this actually fits me (so long as I keep my pizza gut in check).
 java got caught sneaking in a plastic bag for food. Now he looks sorry...
 Orion sleeping in the car after the long hike back to the top of the crater and a well-deserved chocolate chip cookie.
 in the kitchen with my holga.  making pizza dough.
 This cute little lion showed up in the restaurant when my friend and I were eating our Thai food. 
 home-made pizza we made in our pizza oven in the backyard
 home-made pizza we made in our pizza oven in the backyard
 chocolate gluten free cupcake in a tissue paper liner topped with orange tinted cream cheese frosting.
 Cooked food center in Shek Tong Shui that uses only yellow paper for menus.
 Spiced shortbread, strawberries in coulis, chocolate terrine and creme anglaise garnished with a cat mint flower
 Talking politics on a bridge over Willy Wonka's chocolate river in York.
 bite sized balls of cake and frosting combined, dipped in white chocolate or regular chocolate.  Yum Yum:)
 bite sized balls of cake and frosting combined, dipped in white chocolate or regular chocolate.  Yum Yum:)
 They had the freshest food there!!! The pig had been cooking under the sand for 80 something hours! delicious
 Color is off in the pic--orange and chocolate brown ellipses.  And wall doesn't look that clay color...
 Chocolate cake with chocolate fudge filling covered in vanilla buttercream.  Fondant monkey and accents.
 Yes, making Indian food does dirty every dish in the house
 Enjoying a cup of white chocolate cocoa in the Market House.
 This cake was yellow on the bottom, chocolate in the middle and strawberry on the top tier.
 Squirrels are looking for food after two freezing days in Ireland. The ground is covered with tree fruits. 
 This was taken on the lightbox; its a glass bowl with water &amp;amp;food coloring in it.
 We put the pizza in the oven and Presley immediately sat down to watch it cook!!
 boys walking in pizza forest
 One of the last things I'd think to find in a box of pizza would be a free burrito.
 At the sweet pizza place in Galena they have this wall of mugs.  That's Adam the captain of the Iowa State.  
 has horrible table manners, she's always sitting in the food bowls. tsk tsk
 Street promoters for Pizza Hut's new cheesy pizza in front of my former office building..Taken during lunch time
 wall done in chocolate base and antique wash
 Fried chicken's feet, street food market in Taiwan.
 Nature Conservancy's protection of this beach provides food and shelter for the largest migrating bird population in the United States.
 Tattoo is taking a bath in a food dish I put in the bathroom sink.Things are a lot harder in a motel room.
 Yellow cake with chocolate buttercream frosting. Gumballs and fruit by the foot.
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 Bagi showing us he's wood-fired pizza oven by the pool, The new Komaneka resort
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Unfortunately I never got around to trying these cakes because I was too busy eating other kinds of street food!
 fruits and desserts in little plastic bags a food market outside a temple at petaling jaya with Kerry
 My son and I were having fun in the kitchen with this one....he ate the chocolate airplanes right away
 she looks so depressed that her food bowl was broken by the devil cat
 Pet dishes and food made by 9 year old grandson for his kitchen cat and dog.
 Taken  at the Upper Crust pizza and bar in Otsego, MI.
 We send our pizza in the oven 
 chocolate brown hat in progress
 Stuffed crust pizza base in oven
 Crap food, tour bus trap. Don't eat here while in Istanbul. Vonali Celal. Ear fish market.
 Tony's pizza box by Ed Hardy
 Apple cake with white chocolate mousse on top, and marinated blood mandarin(and caramel icecream in the background)
 That damn dog is in the cat food again.
 Made with:1 english muffinsome pizza saucesliced mozzerellaCooked at 350 in the toaster oven for roughly 5 minutes
 Elspeth gives her little sister a hand in opening a box of toy food &amp;amp; kitchen utensils for her new kitchen set.
 we were eating pizza and she was playing in the hose. silly girl.
 coffee chocolate drink in back cup plate
 Adam Zareskty buys a pig heart in Boqueria food market in Barcelona
 eating pizza with jean.  i love the light in this photo.  a favorite pic of 2005.
 Jerry Lee had his head stuck in the bag of cat food. 
 Left over pizza from Mom's house and a dole cesar salad.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Chocolate Mud cake with whipped milk chocolate ganache filling and chocolate cake with white chocolate whipped ganache filling.  All covered in dark chocolate ganache with fondant decorations
 Chocolate Mud cake with whipped milk chocolate ganache filling and chocolate cake with white chocolate whipped ganache filling.  All covered in dark chocolate ganache with fondant decorations
 Chocolate Mud cake with whipped milk chocolate ganache filling and chocolate cake with white chocolate whipped ganache filling.  All covered in dark chocolate ganache with fondant decorations
 Chocolate Mud cake with whipped milk chocolate ganache filling and chocolate cake with white chocolate whipped ganache filling.  All covered in dark chocolate ganache with fondant decorations
 Double mountain brewery in Hood River.Yummy pizza and IPAs.
 A blackbird searching for, and finding, food on the bird table in the snow.
 Talia at Pirate cove pizza in upper lake
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
  - before this, there was chicken delight, jack in the box, and pizza man. - imagine the relief.
 The red stuff is algae.  It grows on top of the water in the rice terraces.  It is harvested for pig food.
 Drunk mid house to bar food stop it put food in my belly and that was about all
 Drunk mid house to bar food stop it put food in my belly and that was about all
 Bear cubw who can see the table and bottle and know food is in the offing are very agile. And loud.
 self-made pizza in the oven
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Chocolate cake w/ semi-sweet chocolate filling/frosting covered in white chocolate.
 Chocolate cake w/ semi-sweet chocolate filling/frosting covered in white chocolate.
 Cherry glass plate with art glass Christmas package chocolate handcrafted by Hulet Glass. 
 A little bird looking for food on the ground near a row of daffodils at the Oregon Garden.
 Prairie dog: Fat one was still sitting in the food bowl :-)
 Motorino- pizza in the oven
 The rather nicely dressed window of a chocolate shop in Dorking. Only later did I see the reflection in the glass
 Milagro, a kitten, sleeping in the dog food dish.  The dog thought he was a snack.
 John baked cookies in the pizza oven
 Jacket that I embroidered for my nephew who had a role as pizza delivery boy in a play.
 A cute cow drinking coca-cola and eating chocolate chip cookies and cheetos in a car
 A horse in the field opposite trying to have some food
 Both the shoe and the box are chocolate cake filled and crumbcoated in chocolate buttercream.Shoe box lid is not cake.
 Both the shoe and the box are chocolate cake filled and crumbcoated in chocolate buttercream.Shoe box lid is not cake.
 . . . like putting food coloring in the chickens' water. Apparently the blue ones are girls and the pink ones are boys.
 chocolate labrador puppy, 5 weeks old, blue eyes, sitting in packaging straw and box. white background.
 the coolest pub in bangkok.  good live music and good food.   near victory monument, below the sky train station 7-11
 not quite sure what this sign (in the window of a pizza restaurant in shiraz) attempts to convey 
 The classy looking bar at Sea restaurant in Brooklyn, NY, overlooking my plate of (presumably spicy) Thai food.
 Table shot in the pizza place across the street
 Sleeping on a pizza box in front of the fire
 Neat architecture on a church in Adams, Mass across from the pizza place we ate at.   
 An old movie theater in Downtown Newnan, GA that is now a bar / pizza place.
 House sitting part 1: making pizza in the kitchen with Pete and Cooler, the dog.
 made some turkisch pizza today...been in the kitchen all morning.but it was worth it
 Geneva making a vomitous face in response to sampling Pizza Hut's buffalo chicken pizza offering.
 Rocky had wrapped himself around the trees so he couldn't access his food, water or even his dog house.
 pizza in a bowl
 This is assortment of a Russian chocolate. in the paper box of Matryoshka.
 Berry plant stem in tiny bottle with blue food coloring
 A table of food with strawberries, grapes, pineapple, watermellon, and an orange in the foreground. 
 A 1/3 sheet chocolate cake topped with a haunted ginger bread house covered in 'dirt' and graves
 Rich chocolate cake with milk chocolate buttercream, white chocolate fondant. Rolled ribbon roses and other decorations in shades of purple.
 Rich chocolate cake with milk chocolate buttercream, white chocolate fondant. Rolled ribbon roses and other decorations in shades of purple.
 Rich chocolate cake with milk chocolate buttercream, white chocolate fondant. Rolled ribbon roses and other decorations in shades of purple.
 Sarah, Gosport, Our kitten Pepper likes to eat her food with her feet in the water part of her bowl
 Half of the food table at Allan's Grandpa's house on Christmas Eve... I couldn't get the whole table in the pic....
 Foot bridge over Grand Creek. Stopped here for food and water break,
 Waiting for the food in the boat Restaurant.....no food only table is there!!
 Waiting for the food in the boat Restaurant.....no food only table is there!!
 pizza dough in bread machine
 Sunchokes, garlic, black pepper and Pleasant Ridge Reserve cheese. Inspired by a life-changing pizza at Great Lake. 
 I was walking down the streets in Bangkok one afternoon, and there was this dog next to a food stall......
 Lourens - he was making something in the kitchen - he is good at making microwave food.
 1997, on the Italian Riviera, great pizza and vino in this abandoned tower
 I hung the paper with all the chocolate rests against the window :)
 Without this sign animals would completely devour all of the food on the table in seconds.
 Luckily momma and poppa bird were just out in the corn field getting some food.
 A female moose (Alces alces) searching for food in a river in Wyoming.
 New cat friend in Riomaggiore, Italy - the pizza shop owners turned the water on for his feline friend
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 A cat resting near a food vendor in Nanjing off the road to Zijin-shan (Purple Mountain) Observatory
 There I was walking along, and I saw pizza floating in the sky. It was a pizza miracle!
 There I was walking along, and I saw pizza floating in the sky. It was a pizza miracle!
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 anyways, that giant glass window view was in the food court area... VERY brightly lit
 Vanilla cake dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy sprinkled with rainbow jimmies and topped off with a white chocolate Ghirardelli chocolate chip.
 Vanilla cake dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy sprinkled with rainbow jimmies and topped off with a white chocolate Ghirardelli chocolate chip.
 Vanilla cake dipped in chocolate and vanilla candy sprinkled with rainbow jimmies and topped off with a white chocolate Ghirardelli chocolate chip.
 dave in a pizza box
 Onion peel, food particles and stains in the kitchen cabinet
 White cake with raspberry filling and sugar glaze on pedestal; chocolate with whipped ganache filling and chocolate glaze in paper cup.
 White cake with raspberry filling and sugar glaze on pedestal; chocolate with whipped ganache filling and chocolate glaze in paper cup.
 They like their food in Sarlat and so unlike the usual gargoyles, this church has stone pigs on the wall.
 chrissie got the big prize in the white elephant. an amazing wooden art deco statue... and a slice of pizza.
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 my pen pointing to my empty coffee cum hot chocolate glass upon a piece of paper near my HUGE book ! 
 the pet shop in Stockmann in Helsinki, there's a button off fish food stuck to the glass on the inside of the tank
 The dog waited for his pizza crust with rapt attention to his boy's progress in consuming the slice.
 A small ceramic figurine left in the doorway in an abandoned house in Braddock, PA. Cans of cat food were everywhere...
 kitten in a dog food box
 We've been baking pizza lately in our kitchen
 I'm keeping one box as a spare, a cat carrier, and some of their dry food right in front.
 Red velvet cake ball swimming in chocolate
 food forest lesson under the tree
 located in downtown Hollis, NH. They have great subs and pizza as well as your typical market necessities.
 The heron flying in to get its food at the bird refuge.
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 Color is off in the pic--orange and chocolate brown ellipses.  And wall doesn't look that clay color...
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Scooter's dish when there's something other then dog food in the bowl (bacon for example)
 Betty, cocktail glass &amp;amp; pizza peeler in hand, hard at work baking pizza on oven stones.
 Betty, cocktail glass &amp;amp; pizza peeler in hand, hard at work baking pizza on oven stones.
 Big bowl in kitchen for making rice and other food.
 pizza in the car
 we ate pizza and drank beer on kathleen's (will's friend from high school) roof in greenich, and then played.
 at pizza di rock in merrit island florida
 pizza in the display window
 all the pizza royal hat dudes roll around dressed up like santa in the winter! it is AWESOME!
 I shove this pizza in my face as fast as I can-it's heavenly!
 bird is mocking me with pizza sauce all over his feathers. how dare.
 Don't leave chocolate in your bag on a hot day at the beach
 Both red and green cake balls covered in dark chocolate and white chocolate, yum!
 Both red and green cake balls covered in dark chocolate and white chocolate, yum!
 People queuing outside food shop under train bridge Tokyo
 close-up of toenail and eyeballs&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of toenail and eyeballs&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of toenail and eyeballs&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 close-up of toenail and eyeballs&amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 I was mixing a littel chicken in with their dog food and they could hardly wait.
 Scrat with pizza and bowling ball in the Tivoli Theatre's entry
 stray cats living in the box with blankets, food and water on my patio, Benbrook Texas
 Saw this old Fiat Cinquecento (500) outside of a pizza place in lake forest
 No, you can`t make a phone call but they have good pizza in this old pizza house.
 No, you can`t make a phone call but they have good pizza in this old pizza house.
 pizza in the oven
 After the pizza we start raclette cheese in the oven
 Vanilla and chocolate cake truffle dipped in milk chocolate and finished with pink glitter and 100s and 1000s
 Vanilla and chocolate cake truffle dipped in milk chocolate and finished with pink glitter and 100s and 1000s
 Well-behaved cat enjoys sitting by food dish.
 soda machine in front of ono's pizza on lake street
 Aluminun Angel food cake pan and bundt pan.  Heavy old aluminum skillet with lid in good shape.  Pizza pan.
 Whole chocolate cake under glass 10/21/07
 Detroit Lions Dylan Gandy and Jason Fox sample fresh pizza in the kitchen at Pizzeria Biga
 Linux server in a pizza box
 these are the water bowl, cat food bowl, fish bowl, all for the cats in my house :D
 had 9 of my girl friends over tonight for pizza and to sleep over:]for Our Daily Challenge- Squareenjoy!
 My first time at this attractively decorated pasta and pizza house in Zante Town.
 The best pizza in Pittsburgh, bar none.
 Italian food market in Verona. Georgeous vegetables &amp;amp; fruit cups to cool
 a frozen Pizza box in Spainish food market
 White chocolate cake with raspberry filling, and white chocolate buttercream. Covered in fondant, with gumpaste bow, and glitter
 White chocolate cake with raspberry filling, and white chocolate buttercream. Covered in fondant, with gumpaste bow, and glitter
 Our Red Velvet cake is moist, flavorful, and complemented by our cream cheese icing and white chocolate shavings. 
 pizza in oven
 We walked around making the food lion face all week.
 Typical street food - fish, octopus, lamb and chicken wings.  Large oysters in their shells to the far right.
 chocolate foil eggs in a pressed glass bowl
 In the window of a pizza place located in Chicago
 fish stalls in the food market
 In middle-of-nowhere, Alabama.  A restaurant/bar nestled under a beautiful rock formation, on a horse ranch.  So-so food, gorgeous location!
 The lovely ladies in the office surprised me with a vegan chocolate cake for my birthday.
 making pizza - in it goes into the oven
 R65 (US$9) for the smoked chicken salad, R22 for the Estate Wine by the glass and R30 for the kiddies pizza with Simba chips.
 sushi krispy treats dipped in chocolate and the black is fruit roolups dipped in chocolate
 sushi krispy treats dipped in chocolate and the black is fruit roolups dipped in chocolate
 She put sand in that bottle and told me it was salt and she was making me a &amp;quot;pizza&amp;quot;
 The pizza oven at Flatbread in Paia, Maui.
 Cake pops were chocolate flavored and dipped in white, pink and brown chocolate.  Designed with same in varying patterns.
 Cake pops were chocolate flavored and dipped in white, pink and brown chocolate.  Designed with same in varying patterns.
 pizza in the green room of the walnut room in denver
 red, yellow &amp;amp; green food coloring in a glass inverted
 Dogs, pizza and the only paved street in town.
 Cool pizza place with car in window and dude singing Frank Sinatra songs.
 The microwave oven cooks food faster than the speed of light; has an exhaust fan underneath it
 One a shelf in the Deviant building - Condemned food for the poor, and beside that was a box of soap.
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Dive in cake (white chocolate and orange mousse cake)
 Everything in this window except the grass is made of chocolate
 Me reflected in John's (very expensive) lenses -- taken at a pizza joint on the beach at Anzio
 The monkeys in the ubud monkey forest were ridiculous...very accustomed to people and interested in anything food related.
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 Jane Doe eating dog food in kitchen
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Out to dinner our last night in Bermuda.  I had pizza with chicken and apples.
 (For The Guardian's Recession assignment) Creepers reach out towards the facade of a derelict pizza shop in Belfast
 Taken at Pottric Carr N.R. picking up bird food under the feeding station, most water is frozen over.
 McCormick food dye combined in a glass of water
 Buffalo chicken pizza at Marisa's Pizza in Hoboken
 chocolate cake &amp;amp;vanilla, chocolate, coffee buttercream. light baby blue colored flowers in fondant.
 chocolate cake &amp;amp;vanilla, chocolate, coffee buttercream. light baby blue colored flowers in fondant.
 Wood fired oven pizza from Warung Laos in Bandung; they have this wonderful pizza sauce with extras on each tables!
 Wood fired oven pizza from Warung Laos in Bandung; they have this wonderful pizza sauce with extras on each tables!
 In a restaurant window in Greenwich Village...mouth watering...I wantone! And a glass of chocolate milk to wash it down!
 Baby goose (aka, a &amp;quot;gosling&amp;quot;) digging around the grass for food near where 4th street SW crosses the Elbow River
 The person is an agricultural worker who has been served food by the land owner. The landowner dog waits......
 fiat in nothing hill pizza outlet
 one of the food stall...well err...counter in Tsukiji fish market
 A chocolate cupcake in a clear box with butterfly handle. Perfect as a wedding gifts, door gifts, hantaran
 Conny passed by my office to eat pizza
 a fun shop near my house - chocolate bar and bike shop
 this girl got chocolate from the chocolate fountain all over her dress
 this girl got chocolate from the chocolate fountain all over her dress
 This is my chocolate brown cat Zima sitting in her favorite spot.
 using this as a desktop image reminds me of sitting in the sacred pizza table benches
 This small bird in common bird habitat: scrubs, garden, food: mainly insectsphotographed in chamundi hill mysore
 a view of the river where we sat on our first night in furano, eating pizza and singing songs
 monkey on beach in costa ricayes, thats a human shoulder. these monkeys were stealing food left and right!
 pizza waiting for a tan in the oven
 &lt;b&gt;Garlic bread pepperoni pizza  :9&lt;/b&gt;{ &lt;i&gt;unedited, unprocessed, SooC, straight out of the camera&lt;/i&gt; }_ 08 Sept 2k9_ around the house
 pizza in oven
 We had pizza hut for lunch, and sat on the grass underneath Oblivion.
 food tends to escape the bowls of water in the meat market
 Good pizza in the theatre district. The building was once a church. 
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Check your floor drain covers regularly. This one was under a can of dog food and pile of sludge.
 Red food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 Red food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 monkey -- The owner of the house wasn't home so the howler monkeys would come in and sneak food
 A local girl on a food stall in the market poses for a photo in Xi'an
  farmers market - some weird middle easter pizza concoction.  i futzed the focus.  the foreground was supposed to be in focus.
 Best pizza in town...but the shot came out a little green
 Begging for food on the wall behind the federal building in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
 it's a pizza box hanging in my room.
 pizza in a bowl casserrole! :0
 Mexican food van sitting outside the truck stop area in Laredo,Texas.It had good food.
 Mexican food van sitting outside the truck stop area in Laredo,Texas.It had good food.
 This replica of the Capitol building is done entirely in white chocolate. Ew
 Extreme adventure ... sailing in the pirahna infested Shoalhaven River.Last one out of the river is fish food!
 mine: Autunnocooked in a wood-fired brick pizza oven
 The sign for a Little Caesars pizza restaurant in Richmond, VA, on 4007 Mechansville Tpke.
 the wall of Stobies, the best pizza place in london
 bathroom in pizza place
 I made a butterfly by white chocolate and put on a chocolate cake. beautiful &amp;lt;3
 I made a butterfly by white chocolate and put on a chocolate cake. beautiful &amp;lt;3
 tree in front of grand street pizza knightdale
 Half empty bottle of suave conditioner brought in for the food drive... in a Williams sonoma bag
 wild food adventure in forest park w/john kallas: water leaf
 Linux server in a pizza box
 I think this was an old chocolate box originally. It had glass Christmas baubles in it when I got it.
 My girl saw this sign on the front door  of a pizza shop in Hillsdale, Michigan
 Elspeth gives her little sister a hand in opening a box of toy food &amp;amp; kitchen utensils for her new kitchen set.
 a market or festival, or street party thing selling plants and food that we stumbled across by accident 
 Chris put blue food coloring in a spray bottle and got Tyler in the face.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Bears in bear pits doing tricks for food, sad.....but cute
 dyed with chefmaster brand gel food color in buckeye brown, sky blue and sunset orange.
 Orange-espresso mousse in chocolate cup w/ red grapes and black berries
 one of my cats in the window looking at his food bowl
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 Rich chocolate cake mixed with chocolate buttercream, then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with ganache.
 chocolate moist cup cake in blue
 Corvette on top of a building at a pizza and ice cream place called The Warrior in Ontario, Ohio.
 not this cross eyed IRL.  I am commonly found with pizza in hand though.
 Kim posing at a cute pizza place in Nice
 the best pizza in Kutli beach
 Water in clear, glass dish.  Flash bounced off dark blue construction paper.  Water drops colored with pink food coloring.
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Period cans of food in the kitchen building of the Midgett House on the grounds of the Chicamacomico Life Saving Station. Rodanthe, North Carolina.
 two tier Belle castle cake in chocolate.  My castles seem to be getting bigger every time i make them!
 Homemade chocolate cake with homemade butter cream covered in yellow tinted fondant, piped dots, and handmade gumpaste flowers
 A sign on the window at Bilbo Baggin's Restaurant in Alexandria. (Great food!)
 Hostel living, oh yeah. Washing clothes in the sink and reheating pizza in a tiny pot :) 
 I wanted him to sniff the flowers, so I put a piece of dog food in the basket
 first pizza in my oven
 Order for a client - chocolate stout cake decorated by basket weave and sugar paste flowers made by friend
 Nothing like early nights, curled up in bed with a good book and a bit of chocolate!
 Cookies fresh out of the oven...warm and gooey.  Much better tasting than the bird food and the dog treats in the background!
 pizza before it went in the oven
 Calling in a pizza on the satellite phone, note hornitos daming stream to form small lake in back
 image from muddy mud and chocolate cake collection. story book written by kim grimwood illustrated by me
 This duck would go under the water to get at the koi food.
 7 pounds of vacation tomatoes become pizza sauce but don't let the pot hand over the counter
 bridge pizza in cold missoula with yum local brew
 carrots, cheese + chocolate + samoa, leftover veggie mee siem from elephant walk restaurant in waltham massachusetts, white rice
 This was flowing just below where the mountain goats were feeding--they had food and water
 Mucci goes off to get some water and food in the kitchen (just to the left of the picture)
 Alari - we lived above this wonderful haven of fruit cups and pizza margherita
 Hot chocolate in a red cup at the Red Cup
 Chocolate cake with chocolate and and white chocolate moouse layers, fresh strawberry and strawberry sauce.Dessert at Dargan's Pub in Ventura, CA.
 Chocolate cake with chocolate and and white chocolate moouse layers, fresh strawberry and strawberry sauce.Dessert at Dargan's Pub in Ventura, CA.
 Deep-fried, french fry-encrusted corn dog from a street food vendor in Seoul, South Korea
 Cream Cheese Frosting.  Dark chocolate brown swirls and pink and green dots around the sides with a pink and green baby carriage.
 pizza in the oven
 this a dirty little cat that appears to live in an empty food dish.  poor kitty.
 Three swans outside a restaurant in Bowness-on-Windermere. They are eyeing the basket which contains packets of duck food.
 Smooth Vanilla and Chocolate Cupcakes in silver foil papers with a yummy chocolate icing and handmade chocolate bike topper.
 Smooth Vanilla and Chocolate Cupcakes in silver foil papers with a yummy chocolate icing and handmade chocolate bike topper.
 Plaza level plan showing the food court circular piazza in the middle and the boat restaurant in the water feature
 A holiday themed pizza box from the place around the corner.
 Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (chocolate river with fruit and radish Oompa Loompa's in a zucchini boat)
 pizza Kaaj in isfahan(iran).father was in deep thought and young boy was awaiting for pizza. 
 pizza Kaaj in isfahan(iran).father was in deep thought and young boy was awaiting for pizza. 
 This mural was painted over the summer on the side of a pizza place accross the street from my home.
 Cheese cake and chocolate cake at a cafe by the beach
 american leather sleeper sofa (natasha) &amp;amp; recliner (kristina) in flagstaff leather chocolate &amp;amp; deep water
 Magpie sat on the roof opposite my house after feasting on the food in the garden
 Strawberry cake pops with buttercream frosting dipped in white chocolate and sprinkles
 My feet in the kitchen while the pizza is baking.
 A street food area in bangkok I frequent. The tin cup has a life of its own.....
 This is a cool blue building we found while wondering around looking for food our frist night in London.
 best pizza in town, fresh out of the oven
 Homemade pizza in the oven
 Lemon cake blended with vanilla icing, dipped in white chocolate, topped with yellow crystal sugar.
 A fanciful, handmade paper decoration above the door of a Santa Fe chocolate shop featuring lanterns. flowers, and roosters.
 Honey 20110109 standing for the first time wants food in bird feeder by donna geode curator
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 White sour cream cake filled with white chocolate mousse and pineapple pieces.. embossed buttercream with detail done in chocolate and fondant
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Very fun restaurant on the beach in Jeffrey's Bay - sit with your feet in the sand while eating great food
 A White-headed Woodpecker searches for food on a pine tree in Stanislaus National Forest in Stanislaus, CA.  Photographed on 09/29/10.
 street food vendor fries up 'kway teow&amp;quot; (flat rice noodles). medan city's landmark water tower in the background. 
 We hung our food and kitchen supplies up in bear bags to avoid attracting guests in camp.
 street food seller in hat - bangkok, city of angels
 Very cute rock wallabies in Northern Queensland. They would have done anything for food.
 sola + pizza in yellow cab = yummmy!:D
 Neon pizza sign in Ft. Worth, Texas.
 Feral cats eating food left out for them on the promenade by the beach in Tel Aviv
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Chocolate chip cake and chocolate cake layered with chocolate filling. Covered in fondant and decorated with white icing.
 Chocolate chip cake and chocolate cake layered with chocolate filling. Covered in fondant and decorated with white icing.
  If you're curious, they covered their gingerbread house in white chocolate for accuracy.
 Baby goose (aka, a &amp;quot;gosling&amp;quot;) digging around the grass for food near where 4th street SW crosses the Elbow River
 Red food dye dropped in water in a pint glass
 7 pounds of vacation tomatoes become pizza sauce but don't let the pot hand over the counter
 frozen pizza with spinach and chicken thrown in
 Birthday cake and blue chocolate (blueberries in chocolate ice cream)...yum!
 Birthday cake and blue chocolate (blueberries in chocolate ice cream)...yum!
 cooking in the pizza oven
 playing around the black and white and colored baby food
 The best italian in all of San Jose...their creamy garlic chicken pizza is sooooo effing good
 They love sitting on the tops of tree on the tops of mountain (when there is human food around to eat that is).
 A new pizza place in town, it is pretty awesome. Pepperoni, mushrooms and green pepper on the regular crust.
 Seth's birthday: He fell asleep with a pizza in his hand just before cake time.
 bulb candle holders and large pizza tray in the &amp;quot;happy Pumpkin&amp;quot; design.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Cusco, Peru...you can actually have hot water bottles, chocolate, and a down pillow in the same room!
 the entire thing is made of cupcakes, he lays in a dirt bed of chocolate cake crumbs
 &amp;quot;Allo Pizza&amp;quot; - Ordering our delicious oven cooked pizza to go! (One personal pizza cost $30 - cheap by Tahitian standards!)
 &amp;quot;Allo Pizza&amp;quot; - Ordering our delicious oven cooked pizza to go! (One personal pizza cost $30 - cheap by Tahitian standards!)
 Making pizza at the Xhilone's house in Cornino
 This green plant is called &amp;quot;duck food&amp;quot; in Danish.
 99cent pizza in hells kitchen
 chocolate cake covered in white fondant
 great pizza under the bridge
 a local character who collected pig food from the dustbins on sheffield road area of rotherham in the early 1950's
 6 inch round chocolate cake iced in green buttercream. Number 50 is made from modeling chocolate.
 6 inch round chocolate cake iced in green buttercream. Number 50 is made from modeling chocolate.
 There were probably 7-10 turtles swimming around trying to beat out the fish for some food.
 The &amp;quot;tissue&amp;quot; paper around the flowers is white chocolate fondant.
 pizza takeaway box made in Italy
 Chocolate cake with whipped cream and a cherry under a jellyish coating, and striped chocolate on the side
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 Large single tier cake incased in a white chocolate solid collar with pink polka dot disc's attached.
 enjoying the hot chocolate and bailey as well as a nice glass of great wall wine. photo by liza
 Fresh coconut buttercream sandwiched between deep chocolate cake layers, enrobed in white chocolate buttercream and vanilla fondant.
 Fresh coconut buttercream sandwiched between deep chocolate cake layers, enrobed in white chocolate buttercream and vanilla fondant.
 The theme is raw food. I made this cake for a wonderful person in my yoga class for his b'day.
 We wanted this dog to protect our house so we gave it food, but he never really stuck around
 The pizza oven at Brandi's Pizzeria (one of the oldest in the coty) in Naples, Italy.  They invented the Margherita pizza here in 1889.
 The pizza oven at Brandi's Pizzeria (one of the oldest in the coty) in Naples, Italy.  They invented the Margherita pizza here in 1889.
 The food market in Yangshuo (including dog and rabbit!)
 bag pattern, 5 balls drops alaska in deep red colour, jelly babies, mirror, chocolate.
 pizza stone warming in the oven
 The pizza at Garlic Joe's restaurant on the top floor of the More's building in Yokohama.
 This small bird walked all over the beach near the base of the primary dunes. I guess it was finding food.
 The best pizza in Pittsburgh, bar none.
 black bear cub in my yard this evening eating the cat food...
 cosmo sat in the bathroom for an hour at pizza party happy hour
 A closeup shot of the cupcake flower covered in chocolate fudge icing and decorated with a butterfly
 Richard and the dogs hang out at the kitchen door in case they are needed to handle and food scraps...
 Mike eating pizza in Sally's
 wild duck pesck food near the pond behind grass 
 And the cake to match.  Cookie bottles totally inspired by Bea!  Fondant bow and white chocolate pearls.
 plastic food in every window
 The bear  was made with milk chocolate and white chocolate candy in a mini pan.
 The bear  was made with milk chocolate and white chocolate candy in a mini pan.
 When I peeked in the kitchen door at this food place this is what I saw.
 Park pizza oven in summer
 Russia, trans-siberia special train, chefs preparing food in kitchen car
 found under a pizza box left out all winter.it smelled like summer beneath it.3/17/09
 On the dog food bag in Walmart
 bar in brooklyn ny.  you get a good pizza with every beer.  now that's life!
 Cool pizza plate thing I saw in a store window and immediately hated the store for being closed.
 it was chocolate and coconut cream on the bottom and white cake with passion fruit in the middle!
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 i make it over pizza rock and get stuck on a little stump
 food colouring and water in a wine glass (:
 Cooking pizza in hotel, Amalfi coast
 sitting in a booth at a pizza store (8)
 Rustic Italian food ingredients on table in kitchen
 098 plastic food in window of fancy japanese restaurant
 This is the market where the storekeeper buys the food and brings it to his store near your house
 Yay, we have a pet! The new fish in its very cool home (the black bits are food).
 My nephew Sammy in his high chair after birthday cake and a chocolate bunny on his second birthday.
 round pizza - in the oven
 Backyard Squirrel in dog food bowl
 Went to Lake Harriet with friends for a pleasant afternoon walking around with their kids and eating junk food.
 pizza picnic in a field
 stirred in the gel food coloring into the batter with toothpicks, red and yellow make ORANGE!
 these cute ducks will follow any person that walks by hoping to get food.
 At least the brick oven pizza sign is in focus...
 giant pizza slices, this is a large pizza box they are in
 giant pizza slices, this is a large pizza box they are in
 Cait is intimidated by the awesomeness of tandoori chicken pizza in California
 cutout guitar cake glazed and marbled with chocolate and white chocolate ganache and airbrushed for some flames.  (hard to see in pic)
 cutout guitar cake glazed and marbled with chocolate and white chocolate ganache and airbrushed for some flames.  (hard to see in pic)
 food market where we ate sketchy chicken tamales with bones in 'em  =X
 7 pounds of vacation tomatoes become pizza sauce but don't let the pot hand over the counter
 making a real pizza in a real pizza oven
 making a real pizza in a real pizza oven
 house warming party : food(confit byaldi and  braised chicken "poulet au vin") cooked by M (pasta dish by me)
 making a pizza in the brick oven
 Watching a doggie show in the bar while waiting for the pizza
 A pair of pelicans roaming in the fish market looking for food.
 Watching a sign plane go by while waiting for pizza.
 Texture differences of 30-second chocolate cake when baked in oven (top) vs baked in microwave (bottom)
 Me and Annabel's meat 'n veggie pizza in the oven :D
 cheese fries in a paper dog food bowl
 81 - Day 3 - Our first cranberry, chicken and cheese Kiwi pizza in Franz Josef
 chris eating pizza at california pizza kitchen by the SFMOMA. we were huuuuungry!
 chris eating pizza at california pizza kitchen by the SFMOMA. we were huuuuungry!
 3 Leches cake covered in whipping top and fruit and drizzled with white chocolate
 Mike eating chocolate after the bars in our hostel, sitting out the window
 picked up a pizza at a farmer's market in Bonnieux, for the road en route to St. Tropez
 California pizza kitchen in California.
 boston sitting in her food bowl to drink some water haha
 Bob doing a down stay under the table at the pizza place
 Dinner in bed (the food is covered with silver trays; only the desserts are visible)
 The vast ocean with birds flying over it looking for food. Edited in iPhoto.
 1200 block of h street. h street cafe in the former home of pizza italiano.
 Christmas Eve on the beach means much food in coolie bag
 Best pizza in Rome according to our book
 Deer jumping wire fence in search of food.
 a brown bag's volume of food fits in that bag on the back of my bike
 this is a small section of a wall mural in a local pizza shop. unfortunately, the rest is covered by vending machines.
 His humans were eating inside, but he was far more interested in the pizza being boxed for take-out. 
 Yes, roasted duck heads... street food in China
 A female Northern Harrier looking for food in the salt water marsh at Hammonasset State Park.
 Linux server in a pizza box
 Having lunch on the train in High River... Cool little diner on a REAL dining car PLUS the food was AWESOME!!!
 me and sis sleeping in horse food bags
 The sign at the best pizza place in NYC. Near the Telectroscope and the ferry landing.
 Ok, in the living room, the white wall used to be the dark brown and the chocolate wall used to be white. 
 thank you Tunisia for pizza dough in a box
 a ship shaped fast food shop and litter thrown in the lake
 best pizza in town, ready to hit the oven
 andrew's pizza in hood river
 Lunck break: pizza baked in the temporary bread oven
 Muskrat eating the food he caught in the river (what we fed him)
 part of my new food plt in back field turned over new ground
 Acoustic show at Dipiazzas pizza bar in long beach.
 learning about growing green food by touching a plant
 The waiters from the Chocolate Fish Cafe in Seatoun will cross the road to serve your food.
 Pumpkin-shaped chocolate cake balls before dipping in orange candy shell!
 Graffiti on a wall just outside a food market in Barcelona.
 Eli and Justin stood around in the kitchen drinking water before the food was served.
 half chocolate, half white cake coated in buttercream and covered with marshmallow fondant and choco-pan.
 We were hauling in food from the catter's SUV from the ally.  The office wall is covered in graffiti.
 4 tiered square chocolate ganache wedding cake with gold swirls.  Flowers and glass cake stand by Distinctive Designs by Tanarah
 The biggest pizza box in teh world.
 soon to be working in the kitchen making pizza
 28cm round chocolate cake iced with pink  fondant and a pink feather boa wrapped around the base.
 1.  get a nice fire going in the pizza oven
 the best pizza delivery boy i know is happy to be in vegas
 Dining floor of Shunkan complex near Shinjuku Station.Love the pizza slice.
 Huge chocolate covered gummi bear on the gourmet floor at KaDeWe in Berlin
 Anne was putting away our food in the bear box when this creature came galloping into camp.
 1 pizza in street
 look at that perfect browning - almost as if it was placed in a wood fired pizza oven
 The pizza is in the oven. You can see the fire that keeps the oven hot.
 4&amp;quot; white chocolate mud cake coated in white chocolate icing then covered in fondant decorated with a simple pink rose. 
 4&amp;quot; white chocolate mud cake coated in white chocolate icing then covered in fondant decorated with a simple pink rose. 
 Yummy healthy pizza at CHELSEA market cafe in Serendra
 A building across from the food market in the Jewish quarter
 Notting Hill...Portobello Market.  This pizza shop had a car in the window and displayed pizzas in the car window.
 Crab pizza in the oven
 my cake....  strawberry with custard and whipped cream frosting w/ white chocolate shavings. Me in cake form!
 a stranger jeremy and i were chatting with in front of golden boy pizza
 american leather sleeper sofa (natasha) &amp;amp; recliner (kristina) in flagstaff leather chocolate &amp;amp; deep water
 bridge (in a pizza shop in DC)
 The chickens love the dog food and sneak in the house to share it.
 chocolate mint ice cream in blue bowl with rice-grain glaze
 la3oob in the  pizza bar
 a duck diving for food in the river aare. thun.
 There's something beautiful about fire - here in a clay pizza oven
 best ice cream bar yet!  vanilla ice cream with a chocolate crunchy bar in a cake cone case
 Yaiyo and "Long Wong's" pizza and wings...chinese people making pizza and chicken wings...this makes sense only in Phoenix...lol
 Yaiyo and "Long Wong's" pizza and wings...chinese people making pizza and chicken wings...this makes sense only in Phoenix...lol
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in green fondant.  Football candles.
 There was a little bird in there, and another one kept flying in, passing food to the one in the hole. 
 White paper boat, Red food colouring in green coloured water. Photography A-Level
 more wall shots of redendos pizza in goshen, new york
 Nice pizza in hand made oven
 vending machine for food ordering and money collection at the noodle stand in the train station
 Molly pedal taxis in the mini red barron pizza plane
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 George Malette's early draft, based on his expertise in both green building and passive-solar greenhouse food production.
 ...when you leave pizza in the oven for 10 hours, like my working colleague did.
 Chocolate mud cake, covered in white chocolate ganache.  White chocolate cigarillos and white choc shavings.  White choc plaque, cross supplied by the mother.
 Chocolate mud cake, covered in white chocolate ganache.  White chocolate cigarillos and white choc shavings.  White choc plaque, cross supplied by the mother.
 Carrot cake mixed with cream cheese frosting, then rolled into balls and dipped in white chocolate.
 Pepperoni and black olive pizza at Totonno's on Second Avenue in the 70s, New York City
 Icecream chocolate sundae face...After tipping a whole glass of orange juice down his frontAnd running around in Matai's knickerbockers!
 ...a ice cream sign outside a pizza restaurant in Middleton...
 chocolate flan in a cute pot
 A cat begs for food outside a kitchen window in Riga
 &lt;b&gt;Mount Emei, China&lt;/b&gt;After stealing his food, this little monkey took refuge in this broken lamp box to eat his rewards.
 a SERIOUSLY unfortunate sign in South Korea!relax - they're selling dog food, not... you know
 Walking to eat Indian food by my house, this car wash is by my house too.
 This extremly cool glass building with crazy design was near that famous food street in downtown Tianjin.
 A yellow tiger swallowtail butterfly getting some food at Gunpowder Falls State Park in Maryland.
 Japanese display there food in the window so you know what kind they serve. It's plastic of course.
 Little mermaid with the green tail.Going shopping for chocolate in Bruges. And cake and tobacco (but not for me)
 A peregrine falcon flying over the river in Rabat while looking for food, Rabat, Morocco. October, 2010.
 A 3 tiered chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream. Covered in rolled fondant and topped with a hand made monkey ballerina.
 Homemade pizza by Dave E Wo.  Alfredo sauce with green peppers
 This is a yellow cake wit chocolate filling. The cake is covered in mm fondant and accented with butter-cream icing decorations.
 white cake with oreo pieces. enrobed in white chocolate. 
 Chef making pizza base in restaurant kitchen at Le Meridien Hotel in Chiang Mai in Thailand.
 bikini top cake fondant over devils food and white buttercream whipped frosting
 Mitten in a pizza box
 Raccoons in the maple tree in the back yard looking down at the cat food bowl
 This cake was soo good, white cake with coconut and buttercream frosting. Bought at a chocolate cafe in Seattle. 
 People symbolizing fruit trees in upcoming freeway food forest
 The toasted macadamia nuts and white chocolate chips in the cake complement each other perfectly!
 dog food hidden in my bed at the lake house
 Smores cak with a shot of disarrono in a white chocolate cup
 Hanging from the roof at ROBERTA'S (the best pizza I've had in New York).Brooklyn,New York.
 Getting pizza on the beach in Las Terrenas
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 &amp;quot;death by chocolate&amp;quot;  (i.e. the most chocolatey chocolate cake in the world) ... chocolate fondant, white chocolate ganache...
 now THAT is the true sign of all you can eat pizza when the veegs are in the house.
 Lugged this 5-6 kg bag of Fendi's favourite cat food home....All in the name of love!
 thai girl buying food in patong beach
 Passion furit parfait torte with white coating chocolate abstract flower airbrushed in pink
 Na de pizza van gisteren heb ik vandaag trek in veel groenten.
 giant pizza sign in abilene
 The office ordered pizza in yesterday. From the chain Patsy's on 23rd Street.
 Three dogs sleeping in the street of Bulgarian town Nesebar in front of the self-service food desk (see the sign in the background)
 Iris was passed around the table like a plate of food.  =)
 A diver swam by the sub with food to bring all the fish by the window for the passangers
 food stall at the wet market in Kuala Lumpur--selling pink dragon fruit.  Excellent flavor.
 Taken with black and red food colouring in water over a light box. 
 sorbet and fruit in sugar cup; chocolate bar
 Order for a client - chocolate stout cake decorated by basket weave and sugar paste flowers made by friend
 no, i think you mean 'shitty bar in a food court fish shack'.LAX
 a bit of a breeze at the tree near the Chinese food truck 
 Hand knitted beanie with 100 % recycled wool in dark chocolate brown and lemony yellow and green.
 De pizza's van janne robin en dide gaan de oven in
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Eating pizza in the giant chair
 My favorite hole in the wall pizza in Seattle
 eating chocolate cake in a bag
 MMMM....frozen food out of a bag and into a bowl in the microwave for dinner. Later it exploded.
 Cuppy Cakes by my amazing friend Ali!!! Sooo Good.  Green tea cake and chocolate cake, and green tea buttercream frosting and chocolate buttercream frosting.
 Cuppy Cakes by my amazing friend Ali!!! Sooo Good.  Green tea cake and chocolate cake, and green tea buttercream frosting and chocolate buttercream frosting.
 The funny thing is David could probably clear that entire selectoin of pizza by himself
 Inspired by Meggs' gift of a pizza stone set we made our own pizza base and toppings. Best meal ever.
 Inspired by Meggs' gift of a pizza stone set we made our own pizza base and toppings. Best meal ever.
 Sponge cake covered in sugarpaste with sugar decorations.  The chocolate bar is made from chocolate flavoured icing too!
 Sponge cake covered in sugarpaste with sugar decorations.  The chocolate bar is made from chocolate flavoured icing too!
 Lex eating pizza and drinking beer at a pet friendly bar in downtown Baraboo Wisconsin.
 Rock Pigeons were looking for food in a field near a treatment plant in Memphis, Tennessee.
 I happened to have cat food in my car (shocker!) so he got dinner on me.
 Usa, wyoming, grand teton national park, mountain bluebird on fence with food for young in bill
 karthik in his place the pizza boy
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 new pizza peel and thin crust pepp from my kitchen in berkeley
 food coloring and water in my homemade light box 
 best valentine flower in basket with teddy bear and heart shape chocolate box
 Sweet lady with a car ful of cat food for the strays around the Colosseum
 at pizza di rock in merrit island florida
 our old house in turin (Italy): 4, the kitchen (in occasion of the chocolate of Christmas)
 A chocolate Labrador playing in a beautiful blue ocean 
 cooked in the pizza oven at Lenola
 174/365Basil in my house can only mean one thing: pizza
 A well-lit pizza restaurant in Provence, contrasting with the surrounding black of the night.
 Chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate ganche. Covered in dark chocolate ganache. Fresh flower arrangement
 Chocolate mud cake layered with chocolate ganche. Covered in dark chocolate ganache. Fresh flower arrangement
 Something in my pizza box
 Bubbles and oil in a glass mixed with some red food dye and a bit of Photoshopping.
 Hand knitted beanie with 100 % recycled wool in dark chocolate brown and yellow and reddish orange.
 at dee's pizza on metropolitan avenue in forest hills. we like nick's better.
 Our pizza oven at work in the south of france. 
 Eating pizza on a sidewalk in Montmartre next to a sewer.
 White chocolate mudcake presented as a cute spotty box in Candy Pink and Apple Red.
 Another non stop 24 hour food street, specialized in chicken wings, literally across the street from the hotel!
 Rev. 1.0 - The setup - firebrick below, pizza stone above with additional space for bincho-tan
 food street in fish market - so much food! wasted we had crap food outside
 food street in fish market - so much food! wasted we had crap food outside
 food street in fish market - so much food! wasted we had crap food outside
 I'm pretty sure he had a pizza ready and waiting to go in the oven at all times.
 Robin in a Chicago pizza shipping box
 Human wall around the pizza box
 You are weakened by lack of water and food. A lion attacks you. You die.
 Brunei, Bandar Seri Begawan -- small tree at road verge, beside small food market on waterfront, possibly a local native.
 pizza in forest grove
 we got strawberry white chocolate cake from simply desserts in freemont.
 Samuel trying eat pizza by the box
 She has been eating at the table so the baby doesn't get in to the dog food
 A turtle enjoying the fish food in the lake at the Lichterman Nature Center, Memphis, TN.
 Chocolate mud cake with royaltine base and surrounded by milk chocolate mousse.
 food dye in a bowl on nick and megan's sink
 we were eating spaghetti by candle light.  luckily we have a gas stove so we can still make food.
 &amp;quot;Honey mustard sauce topped with house blend and swiss cheeses, ham, and fried chicken strips.&amp;quot;  The best pizza in town!
 the pizza oven in progress.
 We got pizza from Backroom and ate it on a picnic table by the East Quad dumpster.
 Haha, poor guy and girl in pizza and coke costumes. Cute, though.
 Megan checks out a display of plastic food outside of a restaurant in the Shin-Osaka train station.
 Having a pizza and a beer with my girl in the most beauitful place on the planet.
 Concerts by the lake -- such a fun evening.  Excellent movie, sail boats, good food, wine, wine, 
 Having dirty dishes in the sink is a food safety hazard because you can harbor germs. 
 Note his food in the black bowl and the blue dry food feeder. 
 Note his food in the black bowl and the blue dry food feeder. 
 A 1/2 sheet chocolate cake covered in baby blue buttercream icing accented with brown icing topped with a Modern Mom picture
 Astroboy is made of white chocolate. Cotton candy clouds. Planet is yellow cake covered in fondant
 leaving an open bag of cat food around is just inviting trouble!
 24 pieces each red velvet &amp;amp; death by chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting &amp;amp; royal icing monkey toppers.
 a boy asked for our left-over food during our late lunch @ punta isla in lake sebu
 pizza in oven
 Trick pizza that self-destructs in the oven
 Stains and food matter on the floor to the side of the stove in the kitchen
 food house above ground
 this is the shop window of a bakery in Bergamo/Italy which also sells delicious pizza (see here) and cookies
 pizza in the oven
 The yellow ball is a dog-feeder. The dog rolls the ball around and food falls out of it. Neat.
 Moving the seat forward to fit the pizza in the car
 pizza in oven
 Kingston beach with the best pizza in the world(i've tasted so far) in my hands.
 Sponge cake covered in buttercream and hundred and thousands with white icing on top and white chocolate decorations
 The best of the bunch.  Yellow cake dipped in chocolate, devil's food cake dipped in white chocolate, and a few that are marbled
 The best of the bunch.  Yellow cake dipped in chocolate, devil's food cake dipped in white chocolate, and a few that are marbled
 The best of the bunch.  Yellow cake dipped in chocolate, devil's food cake dipped in white chocolate, and a few that are marbled
 White side table is from a take-away pizza - the thing that they sometimes put in the middle.Flooring is balsa wood.
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 Vanilla cake filled with white chocolate buttercream and fresh raspberries, coated in white chocolate ganache and fondant, with handmade sugar roses
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate and devils food chocolate cake pops dipped in dark chocolate.
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate and devils food chocolate cake pops dipped in dark chocolate.
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate and devils food chocolate cake pops dipped in dark chocolate.
 Vanilla cake pops dipped in white chocolate and devils food chocolate cake pops dipped in dark chocolate.
 Dressed up in my winter garb with a cup of hot chocolate.
 At the Wedge pizza place above our table
 The Djema El-Fna square comes alive in the evening with the food stalls, the fruit and nuts and the orange juice sellers.
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 8 inch chocolate sponge cake .Covered in white icing &amp;amp; finished off with edible boxer dog photo.
 woman brunette buying food from stall walking dog near Brick lane London 16th January 2011 14:11.24pm
 Our delicious dinner in the cafe. Something like chicken  cutlet with pizza on top. YUMMY!
 chocolate cake &amp;amp;coffee buttercream. Sage colored flower in fondant.
 Chocolate cake filled with chocolate buttercream and covered in white fondant.
 It's neat having trains rumble by while you are eating pizza on the sidewalk of the restaurants on the left.
 standing in the food bowl
 Hanging out in the dog food bowl
 daddy's pizza ready to go in the oven
 We had a delicious time gorging on @eglantinescake's white chocolate mud cake recipe.  We had them in cake and cupcake form!
 for lost boys - lush perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee - in 1/2 oz amber glass bottle 001
 Three tiered chocolate wedding cake encased in lacy milk chocolate collars and finished off with red roses. 
 Three tiered chocolate wedding cake encased in lacy milk chocolate collars and finished off with red roses. 
 A male pied flycatcher checks if the coast is clear to bring in the food.
 Dog begging for food at the bus kitchen, on the beach in Tampico. Photo by Purusartha.
 Beer and pizza in the kitchen
 A pizza restaurant near the central fish market in Tokyo.
 bbq chicken pizza from cascarinos in college point
 real brick oven pizza in braddock
 Near New Market in Calcutta - hope the street food holds up against the ersatz pizza
 Near New Market in Calcutta - hope the street food holds up against the ersatz pizza
 This was I pizza boy who was hit by a car. The guy is okay, just a few stretches.
 &amp;quot;Made a lightning trip to Vienna / eating chocolate cake in a bag.&amp;quot;
 late one night, the Secret Codes were delivered to our door under the guise of an innocent pizza
 Offering coffee, hot chocolate, and granola bars to people walking over the bridge
 My family around the cute chocolate cake at the dinner table.
 tasty lil bits of pink cake dipped in chocolate
 Black forest cake done in a course. The chocolate curls were surprisingly easy to do
 Dinner was fantastic, we were in beach chairs with our toes in the sand and fabulous food in our bellies. 
 water lily by o-ngar uncle featuring fish food that couldnt be reached...
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 green roof above, green food below
 At california pizza kitchen in palm springs
 Giant stone looking horse outside chinese food restaurant in Phoenix Arizona
 cat defends food from skunk by sleeping in the bowl
 Fried chicken that's not KFC. Typical street food in Thailand.
 kitchen table being taken over by chocolate cupcake spiders
 long exposure with a lighter by the pizza box stash in the connex behind harborside
 Livestock cross the road casually in search of food.
 MUCH cuter in person and without the dog food in them.
 I was waiting in the car while my hubby went in for  pizza at Yala's...
 Abandoned farm inhabited by cats.  cast iron pans of soaked cat food on the floor of the entry alcove.
 Empty glass of fruit drink against window at Toronto raw food place &amp;quot;Live&amp;quot;.
 This is the cup of hot chocolate that i drank it in the mountain of snow. My carmera was frozen!!
 Great pizza here.  That's a lemon bar in the foreground.
 Penny tickled pink by her chocolate birthday cake commemorating her &amp;quot;35th&amp;quot; birthday !  Well !
 self planted by the birds, sunflowers in the bird food they dropped to the ground
 chocolate cake in a mug
 had to endure some dirty looks when i sellotaped the chocolate tin to a pole by the university cafe haha
 The fancy box has a cut out design and is lined with fancy moire foil paper in chocolate brown.
 The view from Mai's window, overlooking our building in Skejbyparken.  I was invited to dine Italian pizza ;) 
 Your italian pizza dough recipe will shine when cooked with the best brick oven technology in the world.
 This cat used to sneak in to the house to eat the food my two cats left behind.
 amy with her lovely gift of chocolate tarts packaged in a paper box with hand drawn decorations by me :)
 fondant dog in honor of baileychocolate cake with chocolate icing
 ready for anything.  ready for battle.  ready for eating frozen pizza in ANY form.  
 This coal oven is 1000 degrees and can cook a large pizza in 2 minutes! 
 3 of the 4 dogs in the house waiting for pizza crust by the bed.
 pizza in the oven obama by the sink!
 Today was pizza day at school. The boy left his lunchbox in his backpack and stood in the hot lunch line.
 A street cat looking for food in the garbage.
 Found this old picture of the kitty in the sink under a pizza pan from one of the old apartments.
 Another photo of miffy sleeping in her food bowl
 Garbage day today, used a pizza box that I had ripped up to fit in the garbage bag.
 they actually played w/the pizza boxes in the middle....you can even see the ping pong ball almost hitting the cup
 sticky rice cake w tapoica fritters in brown paper bagtiong bahru food centre
 Free pizza appeared in the communal kitchen at work today... didn't last long!
 A cake for my mother in laws birthday.  Orange and poppy seed with white chocolate ganache
 Really great use of pizza pans as lighting fixtures in this upscale, large-sliced pizza place on Newberry street in Boston.
 Really great use of pizza pans as lighting fixtures in this upscale, large-sliced pizza place on Newberry street in Boston.
 lovely photo by John Murphy - looks great against the chocolate brown wall
 This mountain goat must have wanted food. It waited for us below the observation tower we were on...
 red velvet cake balls dipped in both chocolate and white chocolate :)
 red velvet cake balls dipped in both chocolate and white chocolate :)
 Alec happily munching on a chocolate bar he found in one of the kitchen cabinets
 Huddling under a tarp for some hot pot street food during a huge flash thunderstorm
 Ham &amp;amp; mushroom pizza by the clock tower
 Door for a wood fired pizza oven made in the metal workshop.
 saw all these in the horses field on a piece of horse food
 7 inch lemon cake , with strawberry filling and iced in white chocolate ganche.Accents made with white chocolate fondant.
 7 inch lemon cake , with strawberry filling and iced in white chocolate ganche.Accents made with white chocolate fondant.
 This was on a lookout tower in the park. It was littered with chocolate bar wrappers, cigarette paper, and tags.
 Chocolate alien in pizza box
 Sheh Feng having hot chocolate in front of the astrological clock tower
 best pizza oven EVAR(we had this well over 350c)
 Jason eating dog food in kitchen of Nims house, 2006
 Young boy poses for camera in blue basketball style vest in front of food stall
 Acoustic Show at Dipiazzas pizza bar in long beach
 9&amp;quot; chocolate mud cake with a touch of rum and white chocolate buttercream filling.  Covered in fondant. All decorations are fondant.  
 9&amp;quot; chocolate mud cake with a touch of rum and white chocolate buttercream filling.  Covered in fondant. All decorations are fondant.  
 This is what you get when you put a shoe repair shop and a pizza shop beside each other.
 I love the blue sky reflected in the dark chocolate frosting.
 This dog was dumped on the side of the road in a dog food bag. 
 Relaxing in one of the last paradiseon hearth: peace, sun, clear waters, sand and good food
 Lucy with the bag that they put in with her food in it.  Lizzie fell in love with this monkey
 chocolate cake in a mug
 Two Tiers.Bottom tier = yellow cake with raspberry buttercream. Top tier = chocolate cake with raspberry buttercream.Covered in green marshmallow fondant.
 mouldy half-eaten pizza on top of a bus shelter in York
 This pizza was cooked by a friend in a camp oven on a fire.
 My friend Joe and I in a pizza box relay race
 One of the pieces of chocolate that was in my box of See's Candies that I got for Christmas.Melting under the lamp
 the only decor in an odder-than-average falafel pizza parlor on haight street
 a sign on the bathroom wall about the bear problem in the area.  I tied my food up in a tree.
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 Top 2 tiers- White chocolate cake with passionfruit buttercream. Bottom tier- dark chocolate cake filled with orange buttercream covered in dark chocolate ganache
 An 8 inch white cake covered in chocolate buttercream decorated with flowers and vines
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 The first pizza in my new Forno Bravo Primavera pizza oven
 Ericsson office here in Plano, Dallas has a private lake and this is fish food stand on the bridge. 
 easter egg malt chocolate cake under glass
 I ran a black and white and chocolate action over this one and croped it a little tighter
 And here's one I didn't cook, a chocolate box cake made for me by Heather and Conlan
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 birthday breakfast, tea + chocolate cake in bed :O)
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 13 Oct 10. Strasbourg, France.Drinking a cup of hot chocolate and having a chocolate cake in a cold autumn afternoon is heavenly.
 Kogi truck!  My first time spotting the elusive, wandering food truck - outside of 4100 bar in Silverlake.
 DAY 208: there's a good pizza place in this building
 A little hedgehog in grass seeking  food on sky background
 Dipped in white  chocolate and topped with orange and yellow sprinkles.
 Chinglishy pet food, spotted on a shelf in Beijing.
 Square red glass plate with compartments for canape or finger food presentation in modern dinnerware or for contemporary Asian restaurant design 
 The last afternoon, we feasted on pizza from an actual Italian pizza oven...pizza placed in the oven by an actual Italian.
 The last afternoon, we feasted on pizza from an actual Italian pizza oven...pizza placed in the oven by an actual Italian.
 The last afternoon, we feasted on pizza from an actual Italian pizza oven...pizza placed in the oven by an actual Italian.
 Raccoon eating bird food below the feeders
 French vanilla cake with raspberry buttercream dipped in dark chocolate and wrapped in white modeling chocolate
 French vanilla cake with raspberry buttercream dipped in dark chocolate and wrapped in white modeling chocolate
 Red velvet cake with white chocolate buttercream filling and icing, covered in fondant and fondant decorations.
 Sea lions waiting for food at the fish market in Valdivia, Chile
 Ha Long, fresh food in the boat kitchen
 kill the kids @ rock and roll pizza in portland
 The Picklefish in Mobile, Alabama... great neon sign and the best white pizza and fried pickles EVAH.
 The food building by the band shell.Taken with Agfa APX 400 black and white film.
 Large 12 inch chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and covered in fondant. Royal blue hearts and lettering
 Large 12 inch chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and covered in fondant. Royal blue hearts and lettering
 our favorite picture of all...we enlarged it, turned it black and white and it is hanging above his food and water bowl!!!!
 a cute boy put gummy bears in my chocolate shake&amp;lt;333333333
 Typical bed dressings, table with food still in the bowl (chicken and mush), silverware. Note the dirt floor.
 It's actually holding the lump of food in its front legs, clear of the table surface and ingesting it via its proboscis!
 timbermill no wale corduroy shirt in chocolate brown
 Posey flower cupcake in pink, chocolate cake with milk choc ganache.
 Chocolate covered strawberries compliments of Careerbuilder brought straight to the room. Note the brown sugar sand under the chocolate palm tree.
 Rolling in Dough- vintage fire truck made into a mobile pizza oven.
 roast duck in the window at chinese food market
 Drinking some good hot chocolate from a glass at the train station in Bratislava.
 here is red food dye in water with some editting, i think it look pretty cool (:
 Sitting on the floor in the back room, looking towards the food bar
 coffee cups at pie in the sky pizza on center above shattuck
 pizza dough proofing in the oven
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 My favorite pizza in Columbus, in particular the deluxe (pep, sausage, green pepper, onion, mushroom).
 Lilly, essex, Whiskas is the best cat food in the world, the word makes her mouth water ummmm.
 This inspection door is under the floor of the stage 3 masterplan refurb for food technology.
 This sea bird had it's territory above a mobile food van in Aberdeen
 A 4&amp;quot; lemon cake covered in brown sugar &amp;quot;sand&amp;quot; and hand shaped chocolate seashells
 Christmas cakepops.  Double chocolate and raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate .  Red spotted buckets available from My House in Newport
 Christmas cakepops.  Double chocolate and raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate .  Red spotted buckets available from My House in Newport
 Cat sleeping peacefully by the table of food left out overnight. 
 Flames in the outdoor pizza oven - Tuscany - Italy - 2010
 where we ate pizza watching the sunset over lake superior
 The fish market in Zanzibar--where the Zanzibari pizza is much better than the fish
 The sink in a bathroom in a pizza joint in Bisbee. It was a marvelously decorated restaurant.
 Posing for an organic dog treat late in the night. This boy will do anything if there's food involved.
 An ocean of Muscari in the field beside the food store.
 The saddest pizza joint sign in the Midwest
 The green roof is the food market. Seen from the top of the dome on the duomo (Cathedral) in Florence.
 I am sitting on a bench in front of my house with my female chocolate labrador retriever, Maggie.
 An Whole Foods employee twirling a pizza dough in front of the wood-fired oven at the pizza station.
 An Whole Foods employee twirling a pizza dough in front of the wood-fired oven at the pizza station.
 Russia, trans-siberia special train, chef preparing food in kitchen car
 gram in her nu chocolate cloud chair
 for lost boys - lush perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee - in 1/2 oz amber glass bottle 001
 A hamster ball in a food bowl
 A Little Caesars pizza delivery truck in Hayes, VA, on 2272 York Crossing Drive, in the York River Crossing shopping center.
 A bird looking for food on the beach in Santa Cruz, CA
 Food locker = bear proof metal box in which to store food. 
 We all crammed in the lounge for pizza, pot luck &amp;amp; cake!
 This girl was helped by a Red Cross volunteer, by receiving water and food from the ERV.
 Store sign under Peter Peter pizza
 Stepped out of a pizza joint and saw the winter sun going down in a red ball. 
 two of the duck i took this foto of had put there heads under the water looking for food
 The funniest little thing delivering pizza by my house
 The eyes say it all.I had some cat food in my bag fortunately.
 The bed shot in black and white... I love the effect but couldn't sacrifice the gorgeous chocolate color in the final one.
 My kids thing lately has been to lay rocks out in bowls and call it dog food and cat food. 
 My kids thing lately has been to lay rocks out in bowls and call it dog food and cat food. 
 He ate a chocolate cat covered in black sugar.  And suddenly he was channeling the Cure
 My oven in which I makebrownies and chocolate cake
 Taken with red food colouring in water over a light box. 
 Houhai, a bar and restaurant area in Beijing. Recommend Hutong pizza located here.
 The Pirate, Skater, Mechanic and Cook sit around eating pizza in the Pirates hideout.View from above.
 Served alongside chicken curry at a pizza joint in Aguas Calientes, Peru.
 Dark, milk and white chocolate fountainsThe giant hamburger cake was a nod to Buffett's Cheeseburger in Paradise
 Candy and Tamara hanging out in their new jammies playing checkers and eating pizza
 sign in the bathroom of proletariat pizza in whites center.
 Chocolate oreos dipped in red chocolate candy. Smaller lady bugs made from melted chocolate as well sitting on coconut &amp;quot;grass&amp;quot;
 Chocolate oreos dipped in red chocolate candy. Smaller lady bugs made from melted chocolate as well sitting on coconut &amp;quot;grass&amp;quot;
 Red velvet cake ball dipped in chocolate
 This house is just across the street from the best pizza place in Reykjavik
 This sexy lady in a jersey dress and pumps will bring a pizza to your door.
 Cool old sign on the roof of an old bar that still serves good food in Hudson, Wisconsin.
 on the door of a pizza restaurant in Park Slope
 The raven leaves food in my kitchen window each day.
 Building my clay oven for pizza and bread. All the bottles covered in the insulating layer of clay and sand mix.
 Purified water for the beer... reminded me of the chocolate river in Charlie and the Chocolate factory!
 VLR: Santa hangin out over the pizza oven
 Viv, winner of 'greatest food storage in castle' (rotten apple core helped), Omri's sand castle competition, Spirit's Bay
 Just some little bar in Belmar, chillin with Hansen, my brother, and Natalie over Xmas.  Got pizza :)  yeahhhhh
 cake bites!  Red Velvet, Chocolate &amp;amp; &amp;quot;Funfetti&amp;quot;!  Covered in milk, semi-sweet &amp;amp; white chocolate with various toppings :)
 Red velvet cake ball dipped and molded in milk and white chocolate. 
 Pizza box that the horrid pizza came in. the pizza in the box looks nothing like it. submission for foodirl.com
 Pizza box that the horrid pizza came in. the pizza in the box looks nothing like it. submission for foodirl.com
 Yeah !! The best part of the day was all the food and the 10,000 pieces of chicken in the box
 Valrhona chocolate cake with coconut buttercream and pink shaved coconut. From Trophy Cupcakes in Seattle, WA.
 Vanilla cupcakes with pink polka dots and brown jimmies sitting in chocolate brown folded muffin cups.
 On the lower slopes of mount kenya at around 3000 meters, this monkey was looking at our food....
 the pizza van in our area
 a new Bugaboo Bee photographed outside Two Boots pizza bar and lactivist clubhouse in Park Slope.
 Look at all the snow on the yellow bird feeder.  The birds were in a constant fight for food.
 Fresh fish for sale in aerated bowls in the food market in Luang Prabang.
 Farmer delivers food to sheep in a snowy field on Hayts Rd.  They look less white in the snow.  
 Not too long out of bed and hunting for food in the kitchen
 with large pizza purchase. in house or pickup only
 18/52: Eating chocolate cake in bed WITH DAVE
 Close up of blue flower used as natural food dye in traditional Malaysian cakes.
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 The chocolate roulade (front) was great!The cake w/ fruit in it, was not very good.
 apple and cheddar, champagne grapes, strawberries and chocolate chips, 1/2 veggie hot dog (fixin's under strawerries, cherry tomatoes, 
 A female cardinal finding food in the snow, a little cropping is done
 Yellow sunflowers + Water + Blue food color in water = Green sunflower petal tips
 It's a fire house where people in the history and also today baked home bread, or food on fire.
 sooty, nelson,  the best food for my cat looks you in the eye as you fill up her red  dish&amp;quot;
 neon sign in pizza hut in san jose california
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Linux server in a pizza box
 Wonderful street food from the back of a bike in Shanghai
 for lost boys artisan perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee in 1/4 oz bottle 01
 T's the cake from all those books -  chocolate, vanilla, chocolate, vanilla and smothered in buttercream.T'was yummy!
 T's the cake from all those books -  chocolate, vanilla, chocolate, vanilla and smothered in buttercream.T'was yummy!
 From Dino's in North Mankato - I ordered a cheese pizza with sausage, tomatoes, feta and green olive. YUM.
 two birds searching for food in some odd holes in a truck stop pavement
 These squirrels thought paper in Geordan's pocket was food.  Also, they get mad red eye.
 nice cold tiger in the hawkers food market (Large)
 "Heart Felt" ~ Pixie hat in green with chocolate brown felt heart
 Can serve 15-30. Available in Victoria sponge, chocolate, lemon or carrot cake. Other animals possible.
 The pheasant that hangs around the house and steals the chickens food!
 Erika made Ernie her own pouch of salmon and mixed it in with her dog food.
 The Chain, putting all of the food (cucmbers and bananas in the truck for the elephants
 blue jay eating cat food in sleet storm
 Romeo, Vinny, and Louie waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 Decadent white chcolate roses and hearts decorate a three tier wedding cake, covered in white chocolate frosting
 We had a Godiva strawberry chocolate in here with a cup of black tea
 I spotted this in the window of a chocolate shop in Barcelona and couldn't resist taking a photo!
 Powder ground from dried plant partsIngredients in food preparationConveniently enclosed in jars
 The pizza oven in the dammuso
 chocolate butter cookies truck in yellow red fondant
 Roasted coffee and cream whipped into a light mousse, encased in white chocolate and sprinked with ground coffee.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 This gull was captured just leaving the water after diving for food on a lake near Tayport Fife Scotland.
 Shelby eating the biggest piece of pizza in the Chicagoland area.
 Wood burning pizza oven with a golden delicious pizza cooking in the foreground.
 Wood burning pizza oven with a golden delicious pizza cooking in the foreground.
 ghosts (dried pineapples &amp;amp; apricots covered in white chocolate with dried blueberry eyes)
 ...this weird looking bird was swimming in a lake close to the zoo food court...
 A brick oven pizza establishment in Uptown Charlotte.
 A great blue heron searches for food along the rocks and a small island in the middle of the river.
 And the pizza which was fallen upon in a jackal like fashion after coming home from the bar.
 Red velvet cake and cream cheese frosting mixed together, shaped into balls and covered in white chocolate.
 dog food in a bowl on a white background
 All the stuff they tell you about in the movies but this isn't chocolate boxes and roses
 Fresh food market in Luang Prabang, LaosThought the combination of the womans shirt and the color of the meat looked pretty nice.
 Order for a client - chocolate stout cake decorated by basket weave and sugar paste flowers made by friend
 Oil drops in water using different books as background and a bit of food color.
 Battenburg lace in pink and chocolate brown silk
 Cardinal Macharski handing over the bread to the people staying around the tables with baskets of food. Holy Saterday, Krakow, Poland
 Pumpkin cake with custard filling and maple butteream, wrapped in a white chocolate transfer
 Usa, texas, hill country near hunt, mourning dove on ground looking for food
 Shorn sheep in a barn at Stone Barns Center For food and Agriculture, Pocantico Hill, New York
 7/14/07- Daddy helps Rayna blow out candles on her delicious chocolate cake (home-made by Aunt Amy)
 Sac's Pizza: the greatest pizza place in the Universe.  Pepperoni and black olive and ricotta  and mushrooms.  
 Experiments with water and food coloringReplaced white with black in Photoshop
 Nasty looks in blue blue skies. Heading home for food!
 toilet paper in food stand
 fruits in the food floor of KAUFHOF Cologne
 Chocolate mousse in baskets made of white and dark chocolate
 My son is eating a banana covered with white chocolate, my daughter has strawberries in white chocolate
 My son is eating a banana covered with white chocolate, my daughter has strawberries in white chocolate
 3 Canadian Geese swimming on Lake Erie, at Buffalo NY,diving under water looking for food
 The Urreca sits in the trees above the breakfast table waiting to grab any food left unattended.
 chocolate cake with strawberry filling.Covered in fondant. Gumpaste flowers
 This dog was chocolate colored but I love how he looked in black and white. 
 A bull watches over his herd of cow while they are out for food
 Street food: curry in District 5.  I saw a lot of street food vendors cooking with pots of charcoal.
 Street food: curry in District 5.  I saw a lot of street food vendors cooking with pots of charcoal.
 The girls snacking on takoyaki, little fried doughy balls of octopus in Nishiki food market in Kyoto. 
 Ears on both cakes are sugar cookies dunked in chocolate I colored black :)  The 1 is a cookie
 Hells pizza have coffins you can make out of their pizza boxes for the left over pizza you may have.
 Hells pizza have coffins you can make out of their pizza boxes for the left over pizza you may have.
 Hells pizza have coffins you can make out of their pizza boxes for the left over pizza you may have.
 heart shaped wreath in peachy pink and chocolate brown valentine hearts
 Louie, Romeo, and Vinny waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 I took home a  bag of Ici's home-made waffle cones filled with  chocolate in the bottom . . .
 First apple pie cooked in the pizza oven
 All the food and gatherings happened in the big red barn next to the Big House
 28th birthday dinner at green field churrascaria in the lbc. great people, great food, and a great time.
 favorite pastime: dumping all food on plates or in bowls
 Katie hung our food in the tent bag to keep the bears away. It worked.
 Exhausted mom-to-be hopes for shoulder rub.Exhausted dog hopes more small boys will come by to drop food
 I sat in 7a, The plane was only 3 seats wide and you had to pay for food. Tsk.
 homemade pizza made by the girls
 It's my birthday. I came home from work to cakes and a child covered in chocolate.
 Really nice wooden place with good Japanese food and a pot over the coals
 Gable shaped food favour box for girl's birthday's and for extra show have her face in the hearts
 Playing in dog food bowls
 Notice the chicken in the foreground.  All food will be blessed, taken home and then eaten for good luck.
 A street restaurant's food display. The dark brown stuff near the back is congealed pig's blood. Shenzhen.
 funny name, awesome food.... there was curry, almonds and grapes in my chicken salad... mmmm. and that is chicken and dumpling soup.
 home made chocolate cake by Chef Siran
 Hmm, the food is inside the little red car beside me and I can't get it - so left me alone...
 An elderly gentlemen preparing some food at a small resturant at the flower market in Bangkok
 by Jeanne Mithen -- candy wrappers, plastic chocolate box divider, acrylic paint
 Beside eating the cat food, my favorite thing is sleeping in front of Daddy's computer.
 The birds were picking up their food and running over to the pond to wash it. 
 Came home to Mishka with her head stuck in a can of dog food she's pulled from the garbage.
 Two male mallard ducks in search of food in Lake Ontario in Kingston, Ontario, Canada
 Shop houses in the street selling dried food stuff in Bangkok, Thailand
 People selling fresh home made food by the road side. Everyone needs to eat.
 paradise apples and fruits  in chocolate
 Roman sleeping in his car seat and covered in chocolate.
 Fried bananas and banana-tapioca balls were also in contention for some of the best food we had on the trip.
 Brownie balls dipped in white chocolate and decorated with royal icing.
 Hand-stitched chocolate brown teddy bear now listed in my Etsy shop.
 When I was leaving the house in the morning, a few birds were arguing over food.
 M &amp;amp; M making a shaka sign chocolate cake fondant covered,with fondant blanket and fondant M &amp;amp; M pieces around
 This young Mockingbird is practicing its flying skills. It will follow its parents around on the ground begging for food.
 Kyoto, Japan: bakery in the train station, plastic food display :O 
 Jonker Walk, not to be missed, the famous night market in Malacca with many food and souvenirs to buy home
 i think i was probably asleep on the couch waiting for pizza man by 6:30. i think that was probably best
 mom, I've finished putting all of my food and my cup in my seat
 Tom was very happy to eat street food!  Stephanie also enjoyed the food and watching the cats meowing around the table.
 Tom was very happy to eat street food!  Stephanie also enjoyed the food and watching the cats meowing around the table.
 A &amp;quot;Dole&amp;quot; sitting on the peak cross waiting for left over food
 A food market in the small town where you catch the boat to Bing Ling Si.
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling and covered in more chocolate buttercream, decorated with hand made Tinkerbell, toadstools and flowers
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling and covered in more chocolate buttercream, decorated with hand made Tinkerbell, toadstools and flowers
 A shy boy who's curiosity over the white guy with chocolate overcame the language barrierkids is kids
 best pizza window in town
 Presents from Jon - monkeys, chocolate, coffee-beans covered in chocolate (mmmm), a penguin card, and monkey paper :D 
 Presents from Jon - monkeys, chocolate, coffee-beans covered in chocolate (mmmm), a penguin card, and monkey paper :D 
 All of us gathered around at Whit's house after pizza
  the popular food source in malaysia : rice... green n yellow from KEDAH... negeri JELAPANG PADI..Olympus digital camera         
 Wheelchair on top of a pizza on top of the Swedish parliment accompanied by two identical potted plants 3/3
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Random picture of ellen eating pizza in columbia road
 chocolate cake, from scratch, in plant pots with mint sprigs out of the top!!
 ...KFC has just opened their first fast food restaurant in that yellow building in Hanoi ^_^
 There are six pansy butterflies in India. This is lemon pansy. The other butterflies are peacock pansy,blue pansy,grey pansy,chocolate pansy and yellow pansy.
 Oil spilled from a boat in Howth Harbor.  The sea lions maneuvered around the spill to beg for food.
 Scott at the cool sign in the pizza joing (Giodanos)
 Fred Durst autograph on the wall of a pizza and beer joint in West Hollywood.
 banana squash- Bill really has a green thumb-oodles of good food in his veggie garden!
 Bosche sitting by the bed thinking about food.
 two layers red velvet cake with cream cheese icing, covered in fondant, hair is chocolate shavings.
 spotted this at the pizza counter in Asda Falkirk......looks like some wee kid may have lost this :(
 Decadent white chcolate roses and hearts decorate a three tier wedding cake, covered in white chocolate frosting
 in package with chocolate brown tissue paper
 Sea lions and birds looking for food in Valdivia
 rich chocolate cake coated in chcolate buttercream, &amp;amp; piped with green vanilla buttercream. 
 How to carry your pizza home by bike
 The diver was squirting fish food into cracks in the rocks
 Shenanigans in the kitchen - tossing pizza dough so high it flew out of the camera frame
 An in this basket, weighing 37#, the undusputed champion of the pizza eating contest, MR ZIG
 Turkeys in my back yard after bird food. The squirrel under the table does not like the visitors.
 pizza raccoon in a tree 1
 wood fired pizza oven in dining area
 Two girls from abroad have a fast food lunch on a  first floor at Rambla avenue in Barcelona
 girls as pirates in pizza hut 001
 pizza delivery bike in portland
 8&amp;quot; cake covered in fondant and fresh flowers; ganache frosted cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, fresh fruit tartlets, and royal icing sugar cookies.
 Lots of food vendors selling fruits and vegetables by my apartment building
 Brian being a REAL man... eating chocolate cake in his bathrobe.
 Invasion of  birds looking for food on the sidewalk in Morges.
 RECEPTION CARD, in chocolate and green apple
 cappuccino mousse in a bitter-sweet chocolate tartpumkin swirl cheese cake with a ginger snap and pecan crustall home made!
 A senior person is sitting by his destroyed house  and waiting for food and water.
 Fancy food stand in Carilo: note the animals on the roof
 3 flavors in there! Chocolate, strawberry and white cake, all decorated in butter cream. Fondant roses and chocolate cut-outs for dots.
 Atlanta airport, sitting around eating pizza, I look up and see a T-Rex below the huge circular window.
 Murrine in opal white and dark chocolate with highlights in turquoise green and vermillion.  $1,650
 ...is a cupcake. 2 dozen rose swirled cupcakes half chocolate and half vanilla in pink, white and brown colour scheme
 ...dark choclate fudge cake with chocolate fudge frosting dipped in dark chocolate and drizzled with white chocolate.
 ...dark choclate fudge cake with chocolate fudge frosting dipped in dark chocolate and drizzled with white chocolate.
 ...dark choclate fudge cake with chocolate fudge frosting dipped in dark chocolate and drizzled with white chocolate.
 food on walls near kitchen cabinets
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Pan seared duck breast slices with raspberry chocolate sauce &amp;amp; roasted green onions in a fluffy bun
 light chocolate mudcake layered with dark chocolate ganache and covered in soft pink fondantTeddy bears and flowers made from fondant
 light chocolate mudcake layered with dark chocolate ganache and covered in soft pink fondantTeddy bears and flowers made from fondant
 A small feathered friend looks  for food in the pot of an orchid.
 When you use two bottles of red food coloring in one cake, everything turns red!
 We're in your house eating your food and kicking your dog.
 Fish and ducks swimming in bronze food vessel
 after ordering our gourmet pizza in the hotel bar
 When u stay late in school to study that the sky has turned black... its pizza time!
 Happy Late Valentine's Day. Arthur bought me a pretty bouquet of roses and chocolate in Sacramento.  :)
 Chocolate cupcake with white chocolate icing, covered in fondant, topped with oreo crumbles and adorned with a rose and butterfly
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 &amp;quot;Milla&amp;quot; cake (which is actually &amp;quot;vanilla&amp;quot;) or in this case, white chocolate mud cake
 A dark chocolate fairycake made by my neighbour decorated with pink strawberry butter cream and silver balls.
 miren explaining to mafie how cats lost weight by removing chocolate cake from his diet. mafi looks unconvinced.
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling and covered in more chocolate buttercream, decorated with hand made Tinkerbell, toadstools and flowers
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream filling and covered in more chocolate buttercream, decorated with hand made Tinkerbell, toadstools and flowers
 The girls all gather around downstairs and eat hot dogs, pizza rolls, chips, and pop.
 Vic Muniz, Pictures of PeopleChe Guevara in black beans, Marilyn Monroe in red paint, Sigmund Freud in chocolate
 Romeo, Vinny, and Louie waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 Lauren in her pizza hut uniform and lizzy givin the love sign ;)
 Basic yellow cake frosted with basic chocolate buttercream and coated in chocolate jimmies.
 Basic yellow cake frosted with basic chocolate buttercream and coated in chocolate jimmies.
 We had a great sky on Saturday!!!Lots of Classic signs in Independence! Lots of good food under those signs too...
 She is on the back of the couch, &amp;quot;guarding&amp;quot; the new bag of cat food. Taken by Ron.
 pondering pizza in her new glasses
 List of food plants that the insects have to choose from in the butterfly garden.
 Rose: Dark and Milk chocolate ganache infused with rose water in a dark chocolate shell
 Rose: Dark and Milk chocolate ganache infused with rose water in a dark chocolate shell
 Oreo balls dipped in white chocolate.
 Pizza upskirt not so bad for home oven though pizza stone cracked in half!
 Peanut butter cupcakes with chocolate butter cream frosting!Kitschy plastic rose dessert picks by A. Bel Emporium on Etsy.
 A mother cat and her babies eat food on a roof in Istanbul, Turkey.
 Not much food in the house when I got back home tonight. Still happy to be back though :)
 a street food market in Harbin
 Lily by the green arrow sign waiting for a piece of chocolate
 Chocolate cake filled with rich chocolate buttercream, covering in fondant and decorated with royal icing flowers and stripes.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 A little left over red food colouring made it into the fountain... the water is still pink a week later!!!!
 Sheet cake covered in buttercream. Thomas is cake covered in fondant. Figures are made from white chocolate.
 chocolate labrador puppy, 5 weeks old, blue eyes, in card board  with 1 red rose. white background.
 the pineapple cupcake and the famous chocolate mouse cake care hanging out in the cake box. 
 Letar efter mat i telefonstolpe, fann sedan en stor godbit. Looking for food in a telephone pole.
 homemade pizza made by the girls
 Why forage for food in the wild when you can just act cute and mooch fish at the local cannery!
 Haul It boy print in Turquoise and chocolate on a white background.Michael Miller High quality quilting cotton.Available in all sizes.
 The last cake I made in my Wilton gumpaste and fondant class. Inside is white chocolate chip cake. 
 Pretty Girls and Leaning tower of pizza in London
 Purse cake - white chocolate cake covered in white chocolate ganache and decorated with modeling chocolate and fondant.
 Purse cake - white chocolate cake covered in white chocolate ganache and decorated with modeling chocolate and fondant.
 Purse cake - white chocolate cake covered in white chocolate ganache and decorated with modeling chocolate and fondant.
 NZ chocolate bar, it tastes like those banana lollies melted down and made into a bar covered in chocolate.
 NZ chocolate bar, it tastes like those banana lollies melted down and made into a bar covered in chocolate.
 Luigi stops by daily to make sure the kitty food bowls are properly cleaned, and Harley is not bored!
 Thai asleep in the dogs food bowl
 a cat food box in Turkey
 A table covered in food, $4 water (yes, they were really four bucks...) and Stewie coupons.
 Chocolate cake doughnut with chocolate frosting, red sprinkles, vanilla pentagram and chocolate chips in the middle!
 Chocolate cake doughnut with chocolate frosting, red sprinkles, vanilla pentagram and chocolate chips in the middle!
 Chocolate and banana cupcake with raspberry mousse dipped in white chocolate with sprinkles.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Volunteers working in the zoo kitchen at Parc Tsimbazaza helping prepare food for the animals
 Heart shaped ice cube with red food colouring, starts to melt in water glass.
 february 6th 2011.nikon d7000.50mm.beer in the fridge. pizza pre-ordered.wilson on the sofa. it's time for super bowl xlv. go packers! 
 Buffalo chili pizza before going in the oven
 I don't eat street food in Manila.  The smell of squid balls makes my stomach turn!
 Phantom ranch staff in kitchen garnishing plates of food before serving to guests. 1967. Ervin. Nps. 
 plastic version of food in window
 Sitting in my buds chair at his home in the morning, waitin for food. ^-^
 Fake plastic food for sale. These are seen in the windows at most restaurants.
 The Beggar Hijras come out in great numbers on Idd Day,knocking at doors for alms, food clothes anything..
 A young girl begging for food on the street of Shenyang city in the cold -26C.
 pizza in Rennes...yeah thats smoked salmon on a pizza!
 pizza in Rennes...yeah thats smoked salmon on a pizza!
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 The oven has history....the cakes are the most delicious food in the world....
 MOST of the pizza boxes from the LAN and me in campers suck T picking my nose :P
 My breakfast in the lounge ... yummy banana juice, double espresso, croissant and chocolate croissant
 Turns green in the rainy season (now) and brown (chocolate) in the summer
 for a change, we're not standing in front or eating any food :)
 3/18/2007 - A lady is selling noodles in the steet! street food market in vn is huge.
 And sad pathetic food in it-microwave and oven-ready, no cooking without pots and pans and other kitchen essentials.
 A slightly bigger version of the seagulls flying over bantham beach looking for food in the surf line
 Twirling glow balls with the lights from the food court in the background through the door
 When we brought in the bags of cat food, Lucy climbed on top to make sure nothing happened to it.
 Chocolate cake with coffee, peanut butter, chocolate, and banana gelato; crushed chocolate cookies soaked in coffee syrup.
 Chocolate cake with coffee, peanut butter, chocolate, and banana gelato; crushed chocolate cookies soaked in coffee syrup.
 Mini chocolate cakes in a takeaway box
    Me and the girls in a pizza restaurant in granada, southern spain.
 Marble cake in chocolate and blue vanilla covered withj fondant and decorated with royal icing
 I spottet this yellow flower with the sun shining through it in the chocolate box village of Micheldever in Hampshire
 Aryn and I sharing a chocolate.  Sitting between Julie's lemon and Aryn's chocolate, I have the best seat in the house!
 Aryn and I sharing a chocolate.  Sitting between Julie's lemon and Aryn's chocolate, I have the best seat in the house!
 boys eat whole pizza in 5 min
 food stand that sells fried squid balls in shinlin night market
 Strawberry &amp;amp; white chocolate cake from Simply Desserts in Fremont.  Yum!
 This little guy hung around the Coca processing plant and was given water and food from the workers.
 Lime cake topped with vanilla bean frosting and covered in white chocolate ganache and graham cracker crumbs 
 a little red food coloring, glow in the dark brain from Archie McPhee's, existing glass jar and a handmade label
 A home - water, food, even the generator to charge the battery to run the tv come by boat
 Passionfruit cream cheese and double choc mud cupcakes. Topper cake: raspberry white chocolate with fresh flowers (provided by bride).
 Mini food erasers in plastic bottle from Lemon Co., (E)  =(
 enjoying the food under the fruit trees
 the famous night market in taipei with lots of delicious street food!!!
 Buzzing market in Xi'an, filled with ethnic Xinjiang people selling street food.
 Are home to the namu street food stand.Dave hooooked it up!Sent via BlackBerry by AT&amp;amp;T
 4-layer white chocolate cake with cranberry filling and covered by vanilla frosting. Bears were made of marzipan.  
 pizza and pasta, in the car
 Adam Zareskty buys a pig heart in Boqueria food market in Barcelona
 chocolate in blue mountains
 first flight food and mail. i curled up in a ball on my floor and nibbled on a red pepper and read postcards.  
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Shanghai, Shanghai, 2008.6.29.-     &amp;quot;A sign on the dinner table at the food court in an Ikea shopping outlet in Shanghai.&amp;quot;
 red food die in a wine glass of water, white background
 lunchtime man buying food from woman in boat in bangkok Thailand river
 Super cute Rabelais bookstore in Portland Maine - cook books and other food related writing.
 Mexico City from taxi window - local fast food chain Vips towers over McDonald's, both literally &amp;amp; figuratively
 Delicious chocolate roses are featured in the photograph of a brown candy buffet.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 There is food in the yellow bucket. The fish know this.
 White chocolate mud cake with cream cheese frosting under white chocolate fondant. Fondant accents
 White chocolate mud cake with cream cheese frosting under white chocolate fondant. Fondant accents
 Caramel apple dipped in white chocolate and swirled with peanut butter.
 Nothing says love like chocolate.  These are pure white chocolate eggs , roses are chocolate plastic, accompanied by a white chocolate plaque. 
 Nothing says love like chocolate.  These are pure white chocolate eggs , roses are chocolate plastic, accompanied by a white chocolate plaque. 
 Nothing says love like chocolate.  These are pure white chocolate eggs , roses are chocolate plastic, accompanied by a white chocolate plaque. 
 Nothing says love like chocolate.  These are pure white chocolate eggs , roses are chocolate plastic, accompanied by a white chocolate plaque. 
 This train is for... Queen's Park. And that's a dead chocolate machine in the background.
 one banana pancake and one chocolate chip pancake.we ran out of plates and all of our glass plates/silverware are packed in boxes
 food market in Siliguri, bottom of the mountains
 Fresh flowers in mason jars, pyrex, red gingham, chocolate chip cookies, sunshine...yes.
 We were at brunch at the Flower market cafe in San Francisco.  Good food and questionable looking banana pancakes
 CBC television producer Mary Jane Webber sorts through the stacks of pizza provided by the United Nurses of Alberta.
 rich chocolate cake coated in chcolate buttercream, &amp;amp; piped with green vanilla buttercream. 
 nothing beats pizza at midnight!...except maybe the little Greek man in his blue speedos :P hahaha!
 Two tier chocolate mud cake decorated with blue icing around sides of cake and topped with magnolia and bamboo sticks.
 There were like 4 of these birds flying around waiting for people to give them food
 a wall in the little pizza place we ate at in antigua.
  red tomato tomatoes in glass food number plant solanaceous herb vegetable 3 count edibles figure nutrition three 
 Miss Brown sitting by the kitchen table, waiting for food to leap into her mouth
 The Cat wants food so it is sitting on the chair near his bowl...  
 Vanilla cake with chocolate wafer around and edible fondant flowers handmade by me ;-)
 Two bundt cakes (pumpkin spice) with orange cream cheese icing. The letters are alphabet cookies dipped in chocolate.
 three cakes and a pizza hut in my belly...
 pizza in the ocean mall in santa marta
 One of the buildings near the leaning tower of pizza.
 Those are my shoes, we're sitting in the piazza (main square) having pizza for lunch after class
  Nothing says &amp;quot;summertime fair&amp;quot; like a girl in face paint eating carnival food.
 Plastic bags  in a food market in Kuala Lumpur
 Vanilla cake, lemon curd, lemon buttercream.  Covered in off-white rolled fondant with chocolate brown ribbon and royal icing dotted details.
 chocolate cake with strawberry filling.Covered in fondant. Gumpaste flowers
 once used to house an above ground pool, this space will be great for a big food garden.
 4 loose horses + one hire car = potential disaster. Luckily they were distracted by food.
 one flower from a elder in the food market
 The chef by the kitchen window in Monterosso, with his wonderful spread of delicious food behind.
 8/23/08 - Hanging our food on these bear poles was much quicker than the trees in North Cascades
 Day 60. Left over pizza for lunch in black and white. That says classy to me!
 There was a sea all over the night there. After low water sea grants food for birds
 there used to be a pizza in that box. and the raspberry apple cider was dee-licious.
 Chocolate cake with orange creamCovered in chocolate fondantDecorated with fondant
 members from the &amp;quot;FINCH&amp;quot; society for protection of wild birds storing seed food into bird houses around the city of Prizren.
 motorcycles below pizza place, Black Mountain
 Mallard ducks in search of food along the flooded banks of the Rum river in Anoka Minnesota.
 dark chocolate vinyl, soft beigy roses, pretty bag inspired by vintage photos of rose court princess's.
 homemade pizza made by the girls
 pizza in a box
 Decadent white chcolate roses and hearts decorate a three tier wedding cake, covered in white chocolate frosting
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Antique dolls and parts in a chocolate box surrounded by a wooden frame  28&amp;quot; x 16&amp;quot; x 4&amp;quot;      $900.00
 Princess cupcake With kitten &amp;amp; mouse cupcake. Princess cupcake has a little mini orange chocolate chip cupcake underneath her skirt.
 Cardinal Macharski handing over the bread to the people staying around the tables with baskets of food. Holy Saterday, Krakow, Poland
 There were huge fish swimming around waiting for people to throw food in.
 Glen, Mike and  Bon in a van in Bohol.  On this trip we saw the chocolate mountains and the tersiars.
 This female cardinal in the laurel waits for food...birds are very aggressive in their feeding ...like a shark feeding frenzy...Photoshop rendered.
 chocolate sponge covered in chocolate buttercream and decorated  in fondant and silver balls
 chocolate sponge covered in chocolate buttercream and decorated  in fondant and silver balls
 left over pizza from his birthday cake lol
 Dining set, food tray, paper and glasses all by rement
 &amp;quot;Somehow I like this photo...&amp;quot; Gin said.Yep that's me working on the white chocolate cake mix in my kitchen!
 Vanilla cake covered in green Swiss buttercream, colored chocolate flowers
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 This dish was the best food I had in Spain. In the centre, it's battered white fish marinaded in vinegar. Delicious!
 fancy food: tortilla espanola and parrot fish in fennel
 6&amp;quot;,9' and 12&amp;quot;round tiers, covered in chocolate brown and red fondant, with diamonds, booties and a baby on top.
 mix fruits and nuts in apple cinnamon and chocolate
 The strawberries after they took a bath in both milk and white chocolate
 Turns green in the rainy season (now) and brown (chocolate) in the summer
 Told you my cat likes to hide in boxes.....speshly boxes of food
 wooden chairs in the food court
 Pink Mums and Green daffodils. A little green food coloring in the water helped with the St. Patty's decorum.
 kitchen with food in bags to avoid mice
 he sold about 5 chocolate boxes in a span of 2 days !!!
 A chocolate-box style menu that features some of the bags off the website with descriptions in a chocolate box style.  
 Animal drool from animals sticking heads in car for food
 A bird scouts around the laterite road for food.
 A plastic bag floating near the surface.  Sea turtles see these as jellyfish (a natural food source).
 the cute chocolate cows that were in the ice cream
 White-winged Dove in my back yard eating dog food
 She's dipping pretzels in melted pink &amp;quot;chocolate&amp;quot; to use as decorations on the gingerbread houses
 seats by the solaris pool with food & bar
 two big birds in nj fighting for food on a water fall
 Chocolate cake topped with chocolate ganache and with 2 little fondant figurines in the shape of monkeys
 lemon tart chocolate mousse cups strawberries and pineapples dipped in chocolate (:
 lemon tart chocolate mousse cups strawberries and pineapples dipped in chocolate (:
 inspired by cupcakeenvy.commade these for the teachers at my daughters school. vanilla, chocolate and lemon cakes covered in mmf. 
 My youngest boy revels in the chocolate cake served on the occasion of his brother's birthday...
 There are stray cats and dogs everywhere in Istanbul, Turkey. This poor kitty is eying actual cat food.
 Dinner, june 10th 2007 - veggie pizza shoved in the oven
 Spending a lovely evening with our friends. Family evening before christmas with eating good food and children playing in the barn
 David standing in front of the world's biggest wall of M&amp;amp;Ms chocolate, in the M&amp;amp;Ms store on Times Square
 fluffy ginger kitten in Beau's food bowl
 wow.. yellow banana ice cream with chocolate crust + strawberry ice cream in middle. tasted like really banana split..
 IR distributing food to displaced person in boys school in gaza palestine (1)
 The newest food truck in Bishwick! Awesome catfish po' boys as well. Every saturday!.
 this little guy was in the aisles in home depot.. he was pecking at the bird food bag. 
 You can't see this, but they have beer bottles and plates of food in the water with them.
 Young red kangaroo - chocolate brown in colour
 Vanilla sponge butterflies coated in white chocolate and vanilla cupcakes 
 each house in Alaska has a Catche to hold food and supplies away from bears and other animals.
 Without plastic food, or food in windows it would be impossible for gaijin to eat.
 Without plastic food, or food in windows it would be impossible for gaijin to eat.
 got some duck and swan food on monday gave some to this swan on the bridgewater canal in thelwall cheshire
 Puff in a pizza box at Fritter's birthday party
 Looking like cat food wouldn't melt in their mouths.Taken after an evening of kitty shenanigans/hooliganism.
 A small river of chocolate from a spilled milk shake on a sidewalk in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, PA
 A colorful array of fruits and vegetables at the food market near the Bagrationovskaya Metro station in Moscow. 
 Foggy top white pizza (TM by katnsag)
 a little boy working at a food stall surrounded by books at college street in kolkata
 Talk of adaptability - this insect seemed made for the wall and the wall for thee - in golden dust against chocolate brown
 A raccoon butterfly fish swimming around a Maldivian reef in search of some food.
 Brown and white striped hat with wavy edge. Reminds me of hot chocolate with melted marshmallows in it.
 A blackbird female in quest for food in a marsh
 Tern flying around searching the water for food
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Caroline's friend Emma is sleeping over tonight.  The girls kicked off their night of fun by making pizza.  
 chairs and table - kids version in fast food resturant
 These women are carrying pots of food down a steep trail to sell at the market below
 There seems to be more flowers on the chives than actual green bits for putting in food this year!
 Two birds poking in the water looking for food (photo taken by Larry)
 bowls used by the aborigional people to gather food...inckuding the fruits of their labours..
 Catch as many turtles these days as fish ~ theyv'e learned that fishing poles mean food!Taken by Chris~
 Although the plastic food in all restaurant windows looks good, it doesn't taste great.
 Rose eating baby food with Jade standing in the front.
 from jamaica's cakes in west la. carrot, vanilla chocolate &amp;amp; red velvet. SO YUM.
 The pink tinge in the water is caused by the food which the flamingoes eat.
 These fish were crazy! They were swimming over each other for the food we were throwing.
 vegan death by chocolate cake w/ a  sexy strawberry rose (ow!)
 Multimedia Message                        Plastic food in pink and blue
 in that st marks pizza place ... soda machine light is creating the halo 
 White chocolate mud cake. Lots of flowers and roses on the top and paper trim around the cake.
 More discontinued food!The boy is asking how the fruit gets in his Fruit Wheats cereal.
 Tourist feeding food to one of the many birds flying around
 Mini chocolate cakes in their box
 Ladies in kimonos walking through the food market in Tobu
 A cute bird looking for food in front of the Starbucks in Standford shopping center.
 Baan Nud Kun's spirit houses by the front gate.  fresh food, flowers and water were left daily.
 two ladies ordering food in a Malay street market in KL
 Stack of pizza boxes consumed by Lan-goers
 dining in pizza hut kiefan , the resturant is located within the kuwait sport cluband the view is the youth field ..
 The small plane we flew in on was also carrying small bags of food to help quake survivors.
 icy blue sheets under our chocolate brown comforter. I adore going to bed.
 This beautiful orange poppy was growing in the hedgerow in a chocolate box village of Micheldever just north of Winchester
 Polar bear torn apart expedition equipment and ate all of the food not in glass or tin's.
 Kitschy signs by SherrieJDATC sheet kitchen 1 by SherrieJDPhotos of food from the web.
 Tony's pizzaria near the beach in Ventura.. the pizza there was SOO good if not a little greasy!! 
 So does every fast food and pizza and fried chicken place in korea.  EVERYTHING is delivered by motorbike, like this.
 So does every fast food and pizza and fried chicken place in korea.  EVERYTHING is delivered by motorbike, like this.
 cuter than ever. Has bed-head a lot. Meows for dog food. Sleeps in the dogs bed.
 Orange left her lion in her food bowl... and her rat in her water bowl.
 green apple 4 ways - sorbet of green apple in a white chocolate crust atop a green apple mousse with poached apple and apple sorbet
 We found 4-5 cows wandering in the road. This one decided since we were in a pickup truck we had food.
 (and you can see &amp;quot;happy vegan chocolate chip cookies&amp;quot; in the plastic box too)
 smothered it with white chocolate ganache....placed a ducky in to swim about and molded flowers to make it pretty!
 had _the_ best blue cheese pizza while sat in this restaurant enjoying this amazing view. I want to go back!
 Strawberry cake enrobed in white chocolate, accented with fondant toppers.   Assorted shapes available.
 I made this my little pony with yellow cake, strawberry preserves, ganache and rice krispies with chocolate in the legs.  
 OliviaAge: 6.5Likes: Big hugs, cinnamon donuts &amp;amp; sunshine.Dislikes: Rude people, confusing street signs &amp;amp; over salted food.
 This young boy was selling food items on a local beach in Davao Mindanao.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 pizza ! after 5 minutes in the toaster oven
 Pandoro and chocolate cake in the wooden bowl, satsuma to the left, apple elsewhere
 Just me hanging out in a pizza delivery truck doing my typical girl senior picture pose
 the takeaway box from the best pizza place in town. the opposite side reads 'for your remains'. the remains were our breakfast.
 We arrived in Neustadt on a Sunday and spent the afternoon window shopping and easting street food. 
 they're arguing over the food. the female cardinal is the one on the left, male sparrow to the right.
 Me &amp;amp; Melis in the pizza place mirror that we loved gazzing into for the five seconds we sat there, lol
 space pizza in the oven
 bears at the Great Wall. They are happy just sitting around chillin. Waiting for food me thinks
 Rob on the grass in Central Park.  Give that boy some food!
 the glass bottles contain petrol... you buy by the bottle... food for your tuk-tuk...
 Ev eating chocolate covered sunflower seeds in the car. Featuring my red Marc Jacobs Venetia. 
 chocolate cake in oranges
 This tree in the Hummingbird Hershey plantation is what chocolate comes from, particularly &amp;quot;Maya Gold&amp;quot; by green and black.  
 An old lady weaving baskets at the village nursing home in Dete, Zimbabwe to sell for food for the residents.
 I think this is the most colorful storefront in town and they make good pizza as well. 
 a living turtle in the food market
 All three cats peacefully coexisting in front of their bowls of Felidae wet food. 
 Sunday morning,and pizza all over the floor
 baked on a pizza stone with a bowl over it.... turned out really crisp on the outside and nice and chewy inside
 Two male mallard ducks in search of food in Lake Ontario in Kingston, Ontario, Canada
 these animals are free, not in a fence ..They aren't afraid of the many tourists.,-.because they get a lot of food.
 notice the play food... there was about 50 pieces of plastic food in the bed with her
 notice the play food... there was about 50 pieces of plastic food in the bed with her
 Making pizza in our wood fired bread oven for guests - the day after the wedding. 
 blue food coloring in the water with a blue background
 They are giving out pedometers in fake pizza boxes, and everyone was dumping the boxes in the trash.
 The agave plant was the Apaches' food staple in the Sierra, along with stolen Mexican cattle and horses.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Free pizza from Uno's for a year, just gotta sink one in the doggy bowl.
 Excellent cake! Buttercream frosting over a layer of chocolate and a layer of white cake
 Asian Comfort food here in Monrovia.  I love the stark red walls and giant mirrors.
 Put half a dozen teens in a room with a few boxes of pizza and this is what happens
 Dad looking in the pizza oven
 We stayed in this tent-cabin for 3 nights.  The green boxes are armored bear-proof boxes for food storage. 
 Overheerlijke pizza in Bohemian street in Belgrado.
 Dark chocolate with chocolate chip cake with pink vanilla frosting, Valentine's Day sprinkles, and chocolate hearts made by Lori Ramotar
 Dark chocolate with chocolate chip cake with pink vanilla frosting, Valentine's Day sprinkles, and chocolate hearts made by Lori Ramotar
 Dark chocolate with chocolate chip cake with pink vanilla frosting, Valentine's Day sprinkles, and chocolate hearts made by Lori Ramotar
 all over the highways the town signs inform if there is gas or beds or food - and also castles
 The clothesline over the food table was so cute
 custom-designed folio wedding invitation in chocolate brown, ivory linen and apple green with monogram and printed pattern
 from right to leftDeath by Chocolate (really the name of this cake), passion fruit mousse, chocolate caramel, lemon mousse.
 This was the beautiful small town in the mountains where we had pizza before heading for The Gorge
 few minutes after that blue sunrise photolone bird standing in the water, occasionally picking for some food
 The brown one was a pig. He kept butting in to take the food I was feeding the white donkey!
 mountains of garbage, grime, expired food. if you could see the floor in this photo it would kind of gross.
 at pizza di rock in merrit island florida
 I think it was the same bird all the time, circling over the beach and looking for food...
 The stone plate is actually a white hot plate that cooks your food right in front of you. 
 Frozen lake at Regent's Park in London - birds looking for food
 pizza in a van
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 against the end of the afternoon a lot of elephants groups joined to cross the Luangwa river together for food  
 This cake is iced in turquoise blue and chocolate butter cream.  The bows are made of fondant.
 The boys knocked over the recycling to look for old cat food cans. 
 The black thing is the canister you have to put your food in so bears can't get it.
 Lush stripes in streaky olive green &amp;amp; chocolate brown are accented with baby blue, too pretty!
 Oreo balls dipped in white chocolate.
 Captured by my friend, a flying machine lover and food sensitive photographer. 
 Notice the towel over Jan's dress to keep her from getting food on it.
 Multiple cat food bowls and kitty litter left by previous tenant.
 Salad, grilled cheddar sandwiches with smoked mackerel spread, warmed left over pineapple sausage pizza from the Farm's clay oven.
 Claimjumpers in CA - I ate 1 piece of my pizza after the salad bar and Billy ate 2-3 ribs
 "Simply Dots" in green and chocolate brown - 6/07/2008
 The black bird moves in for food
 A Colombian boy cuts banana leaves, probably to make tamales, in one of the food stands behind Montserrat.
 - erasers in food and animal shapes- &amp;quot;i love sweets&amp;quot; cards- mini wooden clips- large deco tape
 Indian food in a train car
 these little birds run along the shore looking for food each time the water rolls in
 food servers in orange hot pants
 wet cat food swimming in water draining from canned tuna
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 This is Daisy the goat and her chicken chums. Don't worry- they get plenty of food even in the snow.
 Ahrberg, a traditional fish restaurant in Blankenese well worth dining in. All the food reflects local north sea delicacies
 Street food market in Dong Hua Men road
 Paul in front of the local pizzeria.  There were pizza vans all over the island.  Pretty tasty!
 They're most in need of bleach, paper towels, and kitten and puppy food (without dyes).
 dark chocolate/ white chocolate mousse, lemon /lemoncello cupcakes in a black and white theme.
 Who knew that the Sasquatch had a doppelganger running around Bowling Green, eating pizza at Myles'.
 white flowers in food color
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Our guide explaining about different Thai fruits and vegetables in the fresh food market
 Bunch of fish swimming towards me, as soon as I dropped some food in the water.
 This lounge had individual tables in each hut...over looking the beach.  The view was amazing..the food...lackluster...
 The smoked salmon pizza at #Charlie's in Yaletown
 Ivory buttercream is decorated with a chocolate piping and fresh flowers in pale yellow and white
 after dance party for king, truck after truck brought in tables decorated with layers of food and drink from their villages
 Blue, green &amp;amp; chocolate brown flowers were theme for this wedding.(photograph taken by KLK photography)
 Burning pizza boxes in the desert.
 Apparently, I make the new boy feel too white because I can order food in a Mexican restaurant... :-P
 sitting in the heat waiting for our pizza at the kodak mall
 A chocolate mud cake covered in milk and dark chocolate ganache, and decorated with black and white sugarpaste.
 A chocolate mud cake covered in milk and dark chocolate ganache, and decorated with black and white sugarpaste.
 chocolate cake with strawberry filling.Covered in fondant. Gumpaste flowers
 A kid running around during lowtide looking for anything that could be brought home for food.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 I simply wrapped the paper mache pinecones in thin silver chocolate alu paper and think they look really precious now.
 Plaited Dreams - handknit designer ruff-like cabled collar in burnt orange and chocolate brown
 Two Canada Geese swimming in Lake Ontario.  One gracefully glides, the other one dives in the water to fetch food.  
 With all the food covered in ice the birds and animals are very hungry. 
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 There are loads of these vans and buses around Japan that have been converted into food carts.  Awesome.
 Liam waits as patiently as the other boys in the house for his food
 Got a gift basket with chocolate covered strawberries back in my office in LA
 Brown bear cub playing with his food (photo taken by Larry)
 Snickerdoodle cookie mix with black or white chocolate chips. Available in jars or bags.
 Romeo and Louie in the back seat going to get pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 The fabric is chocolate brown with oversized pink roses.  The structure is made with striped canvas in pink/cream/taupe.  
 mad hatter style cake for birthday girl maddie. underneath the fondant it's devil's food cake with vanilla bean buttercream
 The ducks here are so curious! They get right up in your face if they know you have food.
 Romeo and Louie in the back seat going to get pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 great soul food restaurant, home of the best catfish sandwich in town.
 It was stuffed between some old pizza boxes in The Garage!!
 1/640 f 4.360 mmCenterISO 80This prairie dog was standing being alert and looking around as he ate his food.
 Romeo, Vinny, and Louie waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 banana pancakes and the other is white chocolate with raspberries.....best in the WORLD!
 woman after having a food fight with her dad,cake in face and in her hair,teenage girl laughing in background
 this shot was taken in my Mum's place, the food is for Mum's cat but the birds also like it !!!!
 A small feathered friend looks  for food in the pot of an orchid.
 Some nice food in black containers, chicken and broccoli something or other + fortune cookies :)
 One of the nieghbor girls was over for pizza and all the girls took a moment to do some drawing.
 Secretly covering a gorgeous light chocolate orange sponge cake..... iced and decorated in frosted rose petals YUM! 
 dipped in white chocolate, cinnamon cheese cake buttercream frosting
 Very cute animals food picks to be decorated in the bento boxes
 Enjoying a chorizo, green tomatillo salsa, and red pepper pizza from Fat Slice in Berkeley.
 The dogs scavenging for horse food in the stable.
 Making pizza to go in the stone oven
 A female blackbird looking for food in a friends back garden.
 wild monkeys from ocala national forest/park that come over and eat the food for animals at silver springs
 old rickety wooden job in hershey, the home of chocolate in the US
 association: pizza restaurant (see boxes in the back)
 Ackee, the national fruit and food of Jamaica, opened. The edible part is the yellowish flesh around the bottoms of the black seeds. 
 Cardinal Dziwisz handing over the bread to the people staying around the tables with baskets of food. Holy Saterday, Krakow, Poland
 easter in brussels, best cakes in the world, this is white chocolate and strawberry
 Woman preparing food in her kitchen on a boat in Aberdeen Harbor. 
 walking across the brooklyn bridge with friends Kevin and Brianne for some pizza at Grimaldi's(photo by Brianne Zulauf)
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Rich peanut butter cake balls dipped in milk chocolate and topped with roasted peanuts
 this building is the chocolate castle beside our shooting place
 Our pineapple stuffed crust pizza ready to be popped in the oven :D
 Ekstrom's Stage Station restaurant - read about this in a road food book
 Special Dinner  with really tasty food made by the yellow birds from kuliyapiyiya.
 Christmas chocolate cake pops, dipped in colored white chocolate with chocolate detailing.Located in Fort Worth, TXsweets.angelceleste@yahoo.com
 Christmas chocolate cake pops, dipped in colored white chocolate with chocolate detailing.Located in Fort Worth, TXsweets.angelceleste@yahoo.com
 Christmas chocolate cake pops, dipped in colored white chocolate with chocolate detailing.Located in Fort Worth, TXsweets.angelceleste@yahoo.com
 Poignant message on the wall of a pizza restaurant in Chengdu, Sichuan, China.
 next doors cat popped over for a morning food bothering  visit
 Light up glow towers for food and bar at Panera Holiday party at L'Andana Grill in Burlington, MA
 Me eating pizza in Murray Hill
 Adams end of the house was covered in chocolate stars and red hots.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 These cats were lounging around in a castle courtyard waiting for the feeder to come with food.
 Hundreds of colorful fishes fighting for food thrown by visitors to the lake 
 We decided to have a little shelf above the tub for toiletries, candles, chocolate, wine, rose petals...
 A cow elk foraging for food after the previous summer's wild fires.  You can see the burned trees around her.
 Old Chicago gift cards in miniature pizza boxes
 girls roadtrip ended in boston pizza in bellingham washington
 Chocolate banana cake with chocolate frosting &amp;amp; covered in fondant
 Blissed out Shorn sheep in a barn at Stone Barns Center For food and Agriculture, Pocantico Hill, New York
 Our Home in Katikund - Jharkhand, during the mid-day meal, elder boys and girls help in serving the food.
 The water and food bowls for the wild cats on the farm in Elk, Washington.
 No, that's just a chocolate pound cake soaked in a reduction of Cheerwine and brown sugar
 Dark chocolate cake balls in white chocolate and candy sprinkles.
 Dark chocolate cake balls in white chocolate and candy sprinkles.
 This is a foodhall where there are tables and chairs surrounded by different food outlets. Yummy!
 Restaurant in Enna with an old-fashioned pizza oven
 Louie, Romeo, and Vinny waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
  breakfast citrus fruit fresh rich in vitamins vitamin orange juice squashed freshly food meal medicine nutrition wellness edibles wellbeing 
 Percy sleeping in his kitten food box.
 20110121-01-Barbecue chicken pizza at Sandy Bay Woodfired Pizza in Hobart
 Some chocolate animals from a small cafe by the river in Windsor. Mine was the owl. 
 A super rich red wine spiked chocolate cake filled with red wine poached cherries and covered in ganache.
 The stone tablet is actually a white hot plate that cooks your food right in front of you. 
  makes the best ever pizza, expecially eaten out on the grass listening to music float over the apple trees.
 another viewCallicarpa tomentosa/Callicarpa macrophyllaVerbenaceae(Verbena family)coveted food by birds and also some LepidopteraMedicinal plant
 Two hair pins with fabric flowers in chocolate brown
 Belle Epoque ladies fishing in Finland.I covered this tin plate chocolate box with pictures cut from magazines.
 bailey climbing over pizza boxes
 Oddly this was scrawled on the wall of Burton in Canterbury, a clothes shop rather than a food seller.
 red brick pizza fire in the oven
 Pizza made by cute girls at the Yale Farm, using food grown on the farm
 This cake was like 3 cakes in one! It had chocolate, custard and fruit! YUM!
 This is a vanilla cake with triple berry chocolate ganache filling and vanilla icing...yep, under all that black fondant!
 A gumpaste flowers is used in these two theme color cake.Again chocolate fudge cake is used.
 1st  Birthday Cake inspired by Whimsical Bakehouse book using chocolate transfer method for letters and butterflies
 Delaney and Kelly outside the pizza bar in Assisi
 Sophie got hit in the head with this pizza box about two seconds before I took this. 
 HOT chocolate in my favorite cup and candles represent HOT.
 chocolate orange thing (Quality street for those in the know)
 The birds pictured here are all over the pier walking from one end to the other looking for food.
 Chocolate banana cake with chocolate frosting &amp;amp; covered in fondant
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 hanging the food bag so high that bears can't reach it (well in theory anyway)
 the same street in the evening when it's full of pedestrians and bikes and mopeds and food vendors. craziness!
 Melt in your mouth decadence.  Dark chocolate with lace and silver sugar balls in soft organza.
 girls as pirates in pizza hut 002
 A blackbird on a tree outside with a bit of food in its mouth.
 A little girl selling guinea pigs for food in Puno.
 Two male mallard ducks in search of food in Lake Ontario in Kingston, Ontario, Canada
 It was hopping and flying around, trying to keep this food from the other birds in the immediate area.
 Shady corner + food and water + cool bricks = happiest dog in the world!
 almost  every bus stop in bangkok has this kind of food stands.it is dirty cause cooking in  worst kind of pollution.
 Semit-trucks opened their doors to individuals stuck in cars and pickups, so that everyone would have warmth, food and water.
 inspired by cupcakeenvy.commade these for the teachers at my daughters school. vanilla, chocolate and lemon cakes covered in mmf. 
 On the way to smoke and mirrors one frigid night. Probably had a pizza in my other hand.
 roof of CNN (from food court). windows also blown out inside CNN (covered in plywood)
 The pizza fell, and we went to bed hungry!Shutters for new gourmet styles pizzeria in BristolOnly the freshest ingredients!.........
 Thai food in plastic bags
 Note that the spotted pig in the background is chasing the woman... They want food from you. Photo by Ben Young.
 &amp;quot;Shorashim (Routes) Group&amp;quot; volunteers loading other volunteers' car with food boxes that are personally delivered to families in Jaffa
 Girl artist in apron and hat with carved watermelon capped with Thai crown at food expo in Bangkok.
 you wander all the way round the Jungle and the monkeys are in the car park. Seems they know where the food is.
 Deep in the water are netted rocks to project the fishing nets. Catching the daily food.
 Red food colouring in a glass of water inspired by Practical Photography.
 You can see through the roof.  In this location we found water bottles and food wrappers in the ceiling.
 Kathrine being served up a pancake, they put bananas in side and douce the cake with sweetmilk and chocolate sauce!
 needle felted bowl in teal, white and chocolate
 anne maire fed the animals too. here she is giving an elk some food. the van was surrounded by elk!
 Wedding dress made out of white chocolate by chocolatiers Rococo for national chocolate week.
 Wedding dress made out of white chocolate by chocolatiers Rococo for national chocolate week.
 We did not make it home with cat food in time.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 A fun tunisian advertisement saying &amp;quot;takeaway pizza and chicken&amp;quot;... over a photo showing girls ice-skating.IMG_9907
 taiyaki...fried dough in the shape of fish filled with slightly chocolate or slightly sweetened red beans
 Kyoto, Japan: bakery in the train station, plastic food display :O 
 Hand-carved, two-layer yellow cake. Chocolate fondant. Wood-grain drawn with a toothpick. Painted over with brown and yellow food coloring. 
 Semi-tame monkeys come down from the mountains to bathe in a hot spring and eat the food given to them
 A troop of macaque monkeys sitting in a tree. Very mischievous individuals, often caught stealing food from the camp.
 Vanilla cake combined with vanilla icing and covered in white chocolate on a lollipop stick.
 On the right side is the dessert - apples cooked in oven with chocolate dressing
 These ducks seemed to dive under water often, apparently looking for food.
 AML in dog food bag at San Carlos home 1-92
 Red Tailed Hawk searching for food, looks like a stealth bomber flying over the field
 pizza pie in pizza box
 pizza pie in pizza box
 It was a busy market day in Vicenza. You could get flowers, food, cheap clothes and other fun items.
 The men got pizza when they reached the highway. The horses got grass. Capulin Volcano in the background.
 The signs are graham crackers dipped in melted white chocolate.
 2 sweet cornmeal cakes grilled with mozzarella in between. A quintessential NYC street fair food.
 Romeo and Louie in the back seat going to get pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
 A great tit feeding from a hole stuffed with bird food in the side of a tree stump.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 ... fiery red dahlias in the summer sun, wafting about above gorgeous chocolate brown foliage ..
 Pretty chairs in the chocolate house
 Golf balls in white chocolate
 yeah for greek food after swimming in the ocean and yeah to looking like melanie griffith in the 80's (Burl's costume jacket)
 Shore bird looking for food in the rocks
 chocolate cake filled with fresh raspberries and frosted with whipped chocolate ganache.  The cake is wrapped in white fondant at this stage.
 chocolate cake filled with fresh raspberries and frosted with whipped chocolate ganache.  The cake is wrapped in white fondant at this stage.
 They hide food in these paper mache balloons in order to get rehabilitating monkeys to think and solve problems.
 Cooked ducks hang in the window of a Chinese food restaurant in Chinatown, San Francisco, California.
 My clients rent the house and the ferral kitty is included. The landlady brings by the food.
 Siam Paragon department store , under ground floor , the food court 
 And they put their food in a bag and threw it over a tree limb.
 pizza box in pisa
 bromance in the pizza pants
 There seems to be more flowers on the chives than actual green bits for putting in food this year!
 The dogs are trying to get to the pizza crust over the fireplace...
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 More yummy cake pops - peanut butter buttercream mixed with chocolate cake and rolled in white chocolate. mmm
 More yummy cake pops - peanut butter buttercream mixed with chocolate cake and rolled in white chocolate. mmm
 The ducks would swim over the fish to get the food.
 This birthday cake is white cake with chocolate frosting. The cake is covered in fondant with fondant decorations. The 'sand' is pulverized vanilla cookies.
 Celebrating being a girl by eating chocolate cake.  In the shape of a rose.
 a big cake for eddie's birthday with a big plane in chocolate
 The limited space in the old building made it difficult for volunteers to work setting up food boxes
 Arizona Cardinals logo painted with food gels mixed with a little vodka on a hand carved cake covered in white fondant.
 Food Up Front promoting healthy fresh food by distributing home grown salad boxes to local residents
 Never leave food in your tent !Today, we watched a brown bear destroy a tent in Geneva Basin, Colorado, going after food. 
 Never leave food in your tent !Today, we watched a brown bear destroy a tent in Geneva Basin, Colorado, going after food. 
 crazy ducks and catfish fighting for food in chicago
 My first experiments with fondant, cupcake covered in chocolate buttercream, then yellow fondant, chocolate fondant flowers
 My first experiments with fondant, cupcake covered in chocolate buttercream, then yellow fondant, chocolate fondant flowers
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Fun &amp;amp; funky!  The cake was iced in belgian milk chocolate icing &amp;amp; decorated with belgian white chocolate blossoms &amp;amp; sugar pearls.
 Fun &amp;amp; funky!  The cake was iced in belgian milk chocolate icing &amp;amp; decorated with belgian white chocolate blossoms &amp;amp; sugar pearls.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and Clothing  to the homeless community in Washington DC
 7-11-2010They had a chocolate fountain to dip fruit in as well as nice little cakes and tarts.
 My cocker spaniel finishing off the dog food in the bag.
 Red velvet cake and cream cheese frosting mixed together, shaped into balls and covered in white chocolate. Super moist inside.
 Young boy carrying home a can of vegetable oil from a World Food Program food distribution in Mandera District, Kenya.
 typical plastic food representation in the window of a restaurant
 Our first meal in our new house was Vick's pizza in Reynoldsburg.  Pretty good!!!
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Hole in the wall Japanese street food
 apricot cake topped with white chocolate and sprinkles, and sachertorte in the back
 Eastern box turtle takes food out of my hand, after only a few days in captivity.
 Puff in a pizza box at Fritter's birthday party
 Cream cheese icing, food coloring and an extensive collection of small plastic horses :-)Art work by Alana.
 Mario(we called him pizza boy in the school 1st eleven)LOL
 three layers of moist chocolate cake with white chocolate filling in between each layer and then buttercream icing
 three layers of moist chocolate cake with white chocolate filling in between each layer and then buttercream icing
 spotted in the window of the very cool cafe zuppa. the food was ace, too.
 After all the food and fun, we decided to put our bikes in the car and drive home! Lots of fun.
 first pizza in the oven
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 Green apple creme, cuillere soaked in apple juice, grany smith apples and green chocolate mist
 turtles in a pan on the sidewalk in chinatown.  not sure if they were being sold as pets or food.
 Joe eating the pizza he will soon after loose in the toilet. 
 Homemade yellow cake with chocolate frosting made in Baker's Edge pan.  Glass of milk to complete the treat.  Yum.
 brian baker's birthday breakfast in bed of banana chocolate chip pancakes.  or for short, BBBBBBCCP.  
 soup pots on food street in Wuhan
 Dinner at soby's in Greenville - Kathy shares her white chocolate banana cream pie.
 I thought these little flowers looked like white chocolate shavings... yes, I always think in terms of food.  :)
 I thought these little flowers looked like white chocolate shavings... yes, I always think in terms of food.  :)
 Jill helps Hunter eat pizza at our house for New Year's Eve Thursday, Dec. 31, 2009, in Monticello, Ill.
 chocolate fondue with kiwi apple and fig.... so yummy!!!!!one more in comments :D
 For the &amp;quot;flower child&amp;quot;Yellow and chocolate cakes with buttercreamDecorated with fondant flowers in VERY BRIGHT colors!
 The pizza oven is in the middle of the restaurant!
 Homemade Hershey's milk chocolate cake with Hershey's milk chocolate frosting drizzled in melted pink white chocolate.
 Homemade Hershey's milk chocolate cake with Hershey's milk chocolate frosting drizzled in melted pink white chocolate.
 Homemade Hershey's milk chocolate cake with Hershey's milk chocolate frosting drizzled in melted pink white chocolate.
 I love blue cheese sauce:)  Taking food photo is difficult:(   taken by cell phone camera
 IMG_0850.JPG12 people gathered in a home for a pot luck dinner, with everyonebringing a &amp;quot;climate-friendly&amp;quot; dish of food to share.Ellen 
 He is very naughty, he likes to bite the birds in a fight 4 food. Inhabitants of the tree
 man in pastel shirt + cups of chocolate = spanish heaven
 Making biscuit pizza in the Dutch oven
 Bird is made of red velvet cake and covered in sculpted chocolate
 This is food coloring &amp;amp; water in a spritzer bottle over some stencils. I have gessoed over parts of this.
 Kids, wind, squirrels knocked down my bird feeder. This poor woodpecker searches in vain for food.
 food n plate n bowls made by kids
 Yummy banana pudding made by Steph.  Peter helped by brushing the inside of the bowls with chocolate
 Sat in the trees near the stump where I've been putting bird food down. Taken at Carr Mill Dam, St.Helens
 capibara eating bird food in front of the lodge
 Heart shaped ice cube with red food colouring, starts to melt in water glass.
 Some groovy lookin fish we saw in the window of a chocolate shop.
 Yellow cake with whipped vanilla filling covered in buttercream. Swimmers and pool toys are all white chocolate
 Chocolate mascarpone mousse in a white chocolate cup with white chocolate shavings.
 Chocolate mascarpone mousse in a white chocolate cup with white chocolate shavings.
 Some random pizza place in Central CA, where the roads get sketchy at night...
 Mickey Mouse Cupcakes.  Chocolate cakes with chocolate frosting and topped with a black sugarpaste top and Mickey ears.Original design by Crafty Confections
 This is a cardinal hen waiting for some food in our back yard after a snow storm this past winter.
 Monkey eating left over food found on the table . . .
 That little cluster on the valley floor is Stovepipe Wells village, home of the cheapest and best food in the valley.
 Shots of birds running around in my yard looking for food.
 milk chocolate cake with milk chocolate buttercream frosting and silk flowers by my very talented mother
 milk chocolate cake with milk chocolate buttercream frosting and silk flowers by my very talented mother
 Super cute Rabelais bookstore in Portland Maine - cook books and other food related writing.
 three layers of white vanilla cake and chocolate cake covered in white chocolate fondant with black fondant accents.
 three layers of white vanilla cake and chocolate cake covered in white chocolate fondant with black fondant accents.
 pizza and snacks in LH3 for the kickoff of anime society. We watched the girl who lept through time afterwards.
 pizza delivery motorcycles in Santa Ana, El Salvador
 These birds sit here hoping people walking by will toss food to them.
 Romeo, Vinny, and Louie waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Chocolate cake was filled and covered by chocolate ganache and decorated with fruits ...hemmm yummy
 Wondering if the dogs in those big houses get better dog food.
 We turn it around to make the good plant food and to make your plants grow!!!
 Coconut cake and tiramisu in cups made of chocolate.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 chocolate cake in a mug from the microwave
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 People eating food in the library
 The bar at Boca Chica, home of the best Mexican food in St. Paul, MN.Apple iPhone, ShakeItPhoto app
 Scrub pants trimmed in chocolate brown bias, faux drawstring tie. Size 2T-3T
 2 Tier lacy collar, in dark and white chocolate with roses
 Various birds looking for food on the lake in Birkenhead Park, during the cold snap of January 2010.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Pot with food inside on stand sitting in a plastic supermarket fruit and veggie bag.
 Hanging out with Nana at the party - the pizza oven is in the background
 Gull flying over the water and looking for food
 I think Winnie could be one of those puppies in the slow mow commericals for puppy food.
 a chocolate mousse cake of dark and white chocolate in a fudge brownie base
 a chocolate mousse cake of dark and white chocolate in a fudge brownie base
 &amp;quot;I'm in ur house, eating ur supplied food and water and producing a corresponding amount of waste in a litter box.&amp;quot;
 Mocha-flavored ice cream in a thick coating of white chocolate with ground nuts.
 Strawberry ice cream flanked by pineapple and chocolate cakes
 Pizza from cosmic pizza house in Koh Phi Phi
 African woman watches the ocean while balancing food on her head on a beach near Accra, Ghana in Africa
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 This is a great place to get pizza in Vermont. Located in Williston right near the box stores.
 Waiting for my pizza at beach club in Beira.Nikon D700Nikon 28-105 lens
 What could have been in that dog food bag
 Nothing better than hanging in the new basement on an old comfy couch eating chocolate.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Looking at home in his box of spare food and bedding
 chocolate chip cookies presented in cellophane bags with paper tinsel decoration
 Cocoa spongecake + pear cream covered in yellow buttercream, with buttercream decorations (the basket is real chocolate buttercream :D).
 by kittian kitchen- a restraunt with good food but poor service, what else is new. and cute stray cats
 Unfinished or boxed walls and pipework in kitchen over food preparation surface
 Red beak bird swimming for food in a nice sunset light
 Monkey Island and koi fish in the paddle boat lake. Boat rides are free and food for the fish and monkeys is cheap.
 pizza in the new stove
 The dog home also puts out food for cows in the mornings.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 "Heart Felt" ~ Pixie hat in cherry red with chocolate brown felt heart
 6 inch chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant.  Hand molded flowers in fondant.
 6 inch chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant.  Hand molded flowers in fondant.
 almond cake with strawberry glaze on the cake, covered in strawberry cream cheese icing oh but chocolate cream cheese on the horses
 home made pizza for the kids tonight.Recipe from the KitchenAid MixerCookbook.I fermented the dough overnight in the fridge.
 The camping and food were back in the pine trees ...
 This blackbird guarded his food against all the other birds and even a squirrel!
 food in trees keeps bears away
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 Birthday cake for a bright little boy. White and chocolate cakes enrobed in white chocolate fondant.
 Birthday cake for a bright little boy. White and chocolate cakes enrobed in white chocolate fondant.
 Autumn Vines in ivory and chocolate brown.  My original green and brown version appeared in Real Weddings Magazine.
 A sun-lit park, blooming flowers a laid-back tree and the prospect of Dutch food bring out the best in Oscar...
 There were huge fish swimming around waiting for people to throw food in.
 &amp;quot;Nom, nom, nom!&amp;quot; Millie is still eating canned kitten food. Her temporary home is in the bathroom. Taken by Edgar.
 There were several turtles in the lake. The ducks would swim over them to find food.
 'Girls' Night'. We invited the girls over to May's for a night of pizza and crappy American movies.
 around the dinner table - pizza night!
 A special birthday cupcake for Karla with candles and a chocolate in the shape of her cat Nardis :-)
 Having animals around helps bridge the connection of where our food comes from
 Beautiful Cake Pops decorated with pastel colours and edible glitter. Available in chocolate, red velvet, vanilla or lemon sponge.
 Crossing the street in front of my cousin's pizza joint, this appeared. 
 candles and marigolds, food in basket
 for lost boys artisan perfume oil in chocolate spiced coffee in 1/4 oz bottle 02
 Cute bird eating the food in the buffet.
 Pretty ladies all in a row, enjoying cake and pizza at their class's teachers day party.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 just a cute stray cat in the neighborhood....sure likes Gabrielle...and food too!!!!.
 The dog and puppy food comes in 50 pound bags. Photo taken February 29, 2008.
 local favorite food.  whole fish wrapped in banana leaf and SOAKED!!! in garlc
 We found food wrappers and unopened water bottles in the attic crawl space.
 Made from cake, (chocolate cake in the middle) yellow icing, strawberries, etc.  How cute!
 Banana cake with white chocolate coating- made in pastry school.
 My auntie's dog steals chairs in order to steal food. LoL
 una merienda en la playa :) / pizza for snack in the afternoon at the beach
 A white truffle pizza from the wood-fired pizza cart Pyro Pizza in Portland, Ore. A photo from my Android phone.
 A white truffle pizza from the wood-fired pizza cart Pyro Pizza in Portland, Ore. A photo from my Android phone.
 John dragged a table over after Luke stole some chairs from the food area.  Our camp is complete!
 Flourless chocolate cake with poached orange &amp;amp; almond cake covered in white chocolate gnash &amp;amp; toffee
 Flourless chocolate cake with poached orange &amp;amp; almond cake covered in white chocolate gnash &amp;amp; toffee
 The lion exhibit was beside the food pavilion, and the cats were watching all the people hungrily...
 Small rounds of cakes and icing encased in white chocolate
 amazin vegan chocolate orange ganache layer cake by MOLLY &amp;amp; ELIZABETH. thank you!!
 Dick's pizza & lounge mural by Grape St.
 When I got home tonight, Kitten stunk. I mean bad, like fish oil. I think he's been rolling in his food.
 Molly in the baby car seat eating pizza...
 Amy's home made orange truffles in front of the famous Hazelnut chocolate cake.
 Nesting in my garden, he's not daft, best food in the street, running water and a &amp;quot;Des res&amp;quot;.
 This is our team's preseason pizza party. These two girls played really well in our soap scrimmage!
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Those crazy black birds would eat all the food in about five minutes!!
 taken by sadie at our favorite little hole in the wall pizza place.....cibo's!!!!
 Crow looks for food on a hot sunny day in mumbai, flying around the beach
 Phenom Penh restaurant that takes street children in to train them to work in the food industry
 banana, ny cheesecake, &amp;amp; chocolate froyo w/ cookie dough, sprinkles, and clear gummi bears from 16 handles in nyc
 cub huddle, or head but, not sure.  Yeah, I know, they are just fighting over food, still cute
 One of many young catfish circulating in the shallows of Mud Lake and joining the ducks scrounging for tidbits of food.
 A female red-winged blackbird scrounging for food in the swampy areas of Mud Lake.
 "Made a lightning trip to Vienna, eating chocolate cake in a bag"
 double exposure with nich.  It's joel and a cardboard box filled with pizza i walked by in the alley...
 Pizza joint in East Berlin that specialises in squid and pea, potato pizza and water from the vase.
 Looking at home in his box of spare food and bedding
 Some beautiful flowers in the window of Christian's pizza.
 Chocolate sponge cake with a marmalade filling, covered in ganache and a chocolate glaze, with marzipan oranges for a garnish.
 Babycord pink with flowers in chocolate
 Here is a black squirrel with food in its mouth retreating to the shelter of tree cover
 white chocolate in bed
 Packed in a truck bed for a ride to food!
 Chocolate cake balls dipped in semi-sweet and milk chocolate
 Andres seemed to be more interested in the cake than his plate of food. ^^
 All over along the path and near lemon trees, food plant for butterflies.
 Caught Sophie sitting in the lid of the food bin... hint, hint!
 Loading the boats to take supplies to neighbouring ports - note the man waist dip in water carrying bags of food.
 My food store in a shelf made up from old boxes from the Bishops storehouse. 
 We thought these little Scottish girls were precious selling chocolate dipped grapes in front of their home.
 To go cup from a great pizza joint in Kansas City 
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 pizza parlour down by the beach boardwalk
 pink chocolate icing cupcakes-Cakes by Ash-Eggless cakes
 our green cake is ready! and food coloring in our frosting and cake is simply delightful
 piece of blue plastic in my frozen food
 A roll cake, a pink strawberry cake and a cup of hot chocolate. Made in fimo! ^^
 The garbage dump near the school is home to families searching for food, clothing and footwear. 
 The chocolate girl is wrapped in silver foil!
 Day 24This bird was in becca's backyard eating her dog's food
 Print on pizza box by Jeff Ribaudo
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 experimenting....shot in water with red food dye...weird results
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 goat sticking his head through the fence rails trying to lure erica over to feed him some of the goat food
 Nov. 2009-10&amp;quot;chocolate and 6&amp;quot; white sour cream cakes frosted in buttercream. Accents and character made from fondant and/or gumpaste.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 Chocolate cupcakes filled with chocolate Bavarian cream. Leaves are white chocolate painted over apple and roses leaves bow and flowers are fondant.
 Chocolate cupcakes filled with chocolate Bavarian cream. Leaves are white chocolate painted over apple and roses leaves bow and flowers are fondant.
 My own rose design in vintage colors of chocolate brown and purple, with a little modern gray thrown in.
 Pink damask toddler dress in 18-24 mos with chocolate brown bunny embroidered in pink thread with a pink button eye
 The dogs were in the way in the kitchen when the food was being made and eaten.  
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and Clothing  to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Lady bug Cake Pops ~ pink cake dipped in white chocolate ~ a surprise maraschino cherry tucked deep inside
 A black bird begs people in cars for tidbits of food in Cape Coral, Florida.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Shoot by Tamron 70-300mm.Thank you to keep clean water, water trees are human food chain also:)
 Plenty of people, clothes, shoes, and street food here! The largest night market in the city.
 chocolate brown and marzipan  - those are the two colors used in this set of plates - yummy
 House Finch in his new home overlooking the golf course, rent-free, food included and periodic window cleaning.
 A blue tit gathering food for its young family in the nest box in my garden.
 Squirt wasn't as intersted in the rats as he was in eating the dog food bits of their dry miz ;)
 I have the same (similar) shoes in chocolate brown. Love this jumper. Could totally rock it!
 baking pizza in the outdoor wood-fired oven
 Plus the best freakin food! That's a pineapple and chicken salad in a freakin pineapple! Yea I was a little excited.
 sheep eating pizza in front of a cat
 The dogs were in the way in the kitchen when the food was being made and eaten.  
 Romeo and Louie in the back seat going to get pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 I made cupcakes and white chocolate dipped fruit as well as i dipped them in the themed color sugars
 hand made masked plush in grey and brown fabric smoking chocolate got red eyes
 our 5-layer all edible non fondant heavy sponge chocolate cake with real fruits and flowers by Alex Franco --YUMMY
 This had white chocolate custard pockets in the layers of mud cake
 Vanilla custard and orange chiffon cake smothered in chocolate glaze and topped with a chocolate square.
 Vanilla custard and orange chiffon cake smothered in chocolate glaze and topped with a chocolate square.
 chocolate cafe in blue mountains
 Miller Lite sign reflacted in pizza oil.
 Ruko standing and demanding by his food cabinet
 Left to right:High-chair (food), car seat (go out), me + my ride, * not allowed to go upstairs by myself. 
 Some of our canned food, showing the home made stuff in the glass jars.
 Last night in SF. Drunk people eating pizza is always an interesting sight.
 The horses in the field at the bottom of the cottages' garden realise that Kirsty doesn't have any food for them!
 Wigeon ducks flying in and rooting for food  the snow by Blithfield reservoir , staffs
 A troop of macaque monkeys sitting in a tree. Very mischievous individuals, often caught stealing food from the camp.
 We stumbled on this cute little pizza place in Pacific Grove, in a converted house. Yummy pizza.
 We stumbled on this cute little pizza place in Pacific Grove, in a converted house. Yummy pizza.
 This wide-eyed little girl had her mothers protective arm around her in a noisy outdoor food market in Kathmandu.
 chocolate and white cake with custard and rasberry jam.. covered in buttercream.. YUM!!
 One of the guests decided to take food home in the take-out box the favors came in....LOL!
 Celebrating our 900 mile accomplishment over a bottle of red wine and some gourmet food.
 Its carved into an hour glass shape with chocolate ribbon around the middle.Fresh roses on top
 My home made mint and chocolate ice cream with mint oreos cake by my lovely girlfriend. 
 balinese crepe with bananas and chocolate ice cream sprinkled with coconut and covered in an orange liquer sauce
 the boys eating pizza in my apt
 Gianduja &amp;amp; chocolate cake a little broken by our outstanding professional waitress, blueberry, rosemary and red wine sauce.
 Shorn sheep in a barn at Stone Barns Center For food and Agriculture, Pocantico Hills, New York (MR)
 Some of the monkeys were in the water anyway. Possibly because the warden was throwing in food...
 Looking at home in his box of spare food and bedding
 Boy kitten sitting in the wet food, eating the dry food.  Best of both worlds.
 Boy kitten sitting in the wet food, eating the dry food.  Best of both worlds.
 Those boats look like small curising ship which you can rent and go around have food and do karaoke.
 Pub in the middle of some marshes, NE KentNote the cat food bowls and the blankets - that's the cat territory
 homemade pizza made by the girls
 Spotted this bloke taking bird food from around the base of my bird table in the back  Garden today.
 contains: lucy's food, granola bars, flip-flops, bag holder, mangoes, and her own POOP (in separate bags in a separate compartment)
 Samantha, minden, You can put down the food bowl and he can be any where in the house and he will come flying.
 Quality food outlets in Tesco and boys on pink car
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 lyn carries cans of food for stray cats in her bag and leaves them when she finds a stray...
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 stacked paper plates in the pizza truck
 These were very last minute cupcakes.  Butter cake with sour cream and white chocolate, with vanilla bc covered in fondant.
 Seagull flying above the Jetty cat homes, trying to steal their food.
 pizza fiore - before baking in the oven
 eating pizza in pain!
 Oil drops in water using different books as background and a bit of food color.
 INVITATION, in chocolate and green apple
 They are all working for food.  This shrimp boat docks amongst multi-million dollar homes and boats in Kemah, TX.
 (with steaming mugs of gluwein) Jack is standing down beside me enjoying his hot chocolate bribe/treat.
 heart  chocolate in pink basket
 "We live in an age when pizza gets to your home before the police"
 The dark chocolate covered ones have orange ganache in the middle, the white chocolate covered ones have dark chocolate rum ganache inside
 The dark chocolate covered ones have orange ganache in the middle, the white chocolate covered ones have dark chocolate rum ganache inside
 The dark chocolate covered ones have orange ganache in the middle, the white chocolate covered ones have dark chocolate rum ganache inside
 The food was amazing, and yes they carried around the table and chairs for us.
 Heirloom tomatoes from the morning market, olive oil from one of the pizza places (on the highway rest stop) in Italy.
 a cute little restaurant specializing in pizza and coffee.
 Rocky's house in the mountains outside Manila. This was the first place I stayed, very beautiful and excellent food and company.
 ducks flying in for food
 a chairback from the chocolate fish cafe... I sat in this chair
 IR distributing food to displaced person in boys school in gaza palestine (33)
 one of the few remaining video arcades on Granville Street. the porn shops and single slice pizza shops have taken over
 the pregnant woman ,carrying bags of food,walked home fast in the snow. she wasstill wearing the pajamas
 Glass lampwork beads in shades of chocolate brown, sky blue and white.
 (Detail).  Murrine in opal white and dark chocolate with highlights in turquoise green and vermillion.  $1,650
 ...10 pizza boxes and a hole in the door...
 3 madeira and chocolate cakes stacked and decorated with various sized hearts in pale shades of pink and blue. 
 This woman makes some mad fruit smoothies in Bocas.  These things were a staple food.......everyday, banana and pinapple smoothie.
 Catchy advertisement for &amp;quot;Amore&amp;quot; cat &amp;amp; dog food in a tram station.Now, confess it grabbed your attention...
 Liam mugs for the camera in front of MBK shopping centre... good food up on the 6th floor
 Two ducks seem to visit the patio doors daily in seek of human intervened food.
 Adorable dotty in rose pink with chocolate polka dot ribbons.
 Replia of a Red Stripe beer bottle - chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant
 Replia of a Red Stripe beer bottle - chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant
 There were huge fish swimming around waiting for people to throw food in.
 some polish chicks eating pizza kebab in krakow.
 pizza and pasta, in the car
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 We kept the squirrels away by putting stones and broken glass round the roots and leaving food for them elsewhere.
 Fried fish and other prepped food at 79-80 Elizabeth St. market in Chinatown
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Dessert at Le Pigeon in Portland, OR.  Caramel cake with chocolate sauce and bananas foster.  Mmmmmmmm.
 Romeo, Vinny, and Louie waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 luxurious hazelnut mousse between chocolate cake layers surrounded by chocolate walls
 luxurious hazelnut mousse between chocolate cake layers surrounded by chocolate walls
 Nothing quite like sitting in the food bowl and grasping for some alfalfa.  Hmmm, alfalfa.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Individual wedding cakes dipped in white chocolate and topped with royal icing flowers
 Pineapple wrapped in banana leaves on the food market
 This is pike market in Seattle, they sell a ton of art, antiques, fish, flowers and food.
 pizza tower in toronto
 Two students rip up pizza boxes to put in the compost pile 
 Smaller version of a cake done last week. The Steelers logo is made by hand using white chocolate. 
 Only in Rome can you get pizza and pasta from a vending machine
 green tea cheesecake with white chocolate and raspberry sauce @ beacon in culver city. 
 A baby 8, 6, 4 wedding cake with fresh berries and flowers. Wrapped in white chocolate.
 Sarah eating a flatbread pizza from VITA RAWstraunt in Green Bay, WI.
 We were in a pizza restaurant in Lake George, NY. They had these planters that were half a sphere, and shiny silver.
 Heaven for some - shoes and chocolate all in one box
 sunshine through an awning while eating a really delicious bit of pizza near the Vatican
 Great Kiskadees wait in the trees for dry cat food I throw out in the morning.
 fried chicken as seen on food network at the southern kitchen in tacoma
 dinner table in the OpenBSD tent, with candles and ...real food! 
 James in blue and the boys waiting while the mothers prepares the food
 Hor Mok (steamed curry in a banana leaf cup) for sale at the food market at Bangkok's Weekend Market.
 Climbing over boulders with 30 lbs backpacks full of rapelling gear, six water bottles per person, and snack food.
 Sorbet with a candle in it! (and the plate has &amp;quot;Happy Birthday&amp;quot; written on it in chocolate sauce!)
 Lucy just got caught 'red pawed' eating the kitty food. She's in BIG trouble!
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 especially when you have to go to the toilet in the bushes.  The food prepared on the boat may have contributed to it...
 Me next to tomato wall at the pizza place near us. Yum. 
 A calming combination of lemons and limes, featuring coleus, heuchera, calibrachoa and lantana in a chocolate brown pot.
 Monarch butterflies can store the poison in their larval food plant (milkweed) in their adult bodies to repel predators.  
 Having a pizza in the car passing by the mount Traunstein on the way to the highway A1.
 These are for sale if you want a really flash pizza oven in your garden.
 In the food market in Taipei. The shoes are just absurd
 Living room covered in junk food, half-&lt;b&gt;empty&lt;/b&gt; (&lt;i&gt;that's right&lt;/i&gt;) glasses, pizza boxes and more.
 Living room covered in junk food, half-&lt;b&gt;empty&lt;/b&gt; (&lt;i&gt;that's right&lt;/i&gt;) glasses, pizza boxes and more.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 fish heads in food market
 i mean pizza hut's pizza in korea(world cup stadium venue)
 i mean pizza hut's pizza in korea(world cup stadium venue)
  Whole communities take part in these festivals, bringing baskets of food and flowers for offerings.
 8x10 black and white photograph taken by Jerry Esterson of the kosher food stand at Camden Yards, ca. 1991.
 Kyoto, Japan: bakery in the train station, plastic food display :O 
 a hilariously vandalized sign in my hometown found while on route to get pizza with my best friend.
 Aeva was quietly watching the happenings in the pasture from a comfortable position in the food bowl on 3/11/2010
 That's the dogs cook house in the back where the handlers prepare the food for Sebastian's dogs. 
 The bright blue flowers are used in food coloring ...
 The popular coal brick oven pizza restaurant under Brooklyn Bridge (Brooklyn side)
 Our towels and a pizza cutter.  Derek was the most excited over this gift.
 synagogue in Florentin, Tel-aviv across the street from the best pizza joint in town
 Someone licked his food bowl all the way across the floor and under the edge of the dishwasher!
 Yellow cake mix with some fresh banana in the batter, and homemade peanut butter frosting and some shaved chocolate on top.
 Shanghai, Shanghai, 2008.6.29.-     &amp;quot;A sign on the dinner table at the food court in an Ikea shopping outlet in Shanghai.&amp;quot;
 You can't collect the eggs from Junine's chickens without being hassled for food by the pigs
 Step 1: Assemble the pizza in a dutch oven at home.
 A set of pots is held in a plastic food tray, which helps support them when full of moist soil.
 Gimmeln restaurant, in the tiny hamlet of Gimmeln, home to no one. I enjoyed two cups of hot chocolate here.
 I made this cake for my work Christmas party. It was a white cake with chocolate icing, covered in fondant.
 This garden has &amp;quot;functional&amp;quot; medieval plants - medicinal, dyes, food, etc. The trees in the middle are figs.
 Somewhat tame ducks that hang out at a bird sanctuary in Delta waiting for food.
 Chocolate StonedTen chocolate brown beads banded by ivory ripped with  intense black, pressed into pillow shapes.  
 I dig for my food in my bowl and then I bury it in the sand
 All the birds on the lake were over to get food from the young family.And the seagulls just kept saying &amp;quot;Mine!..Mine!..Mine!..&amp;quot;
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 banana chocolate chip cake at golden west. perfect in every goddamn way.
 The birds in the lake must be terribly spoiled by all the kids throwing food at them.
 The wedding cakes (one chocolate and the other white with some strawberry in the inner icing).
 Even the airplane food is cute in Thailand.  They were cinnamon and sugar pretzel sticks.
 We treated ourselves to a nice dinner - oven baked pizza by the wharf...
   We had &amp;quot;painted&amp;quot; white chocolate roses. Guarded by the red queen's cardmen
 Cake topper by the Chocolate Fetish of Asheville, NC, lemon/white chocolate cakes by Jeremy Hargroves, flowers decorated by Anne Gority. MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!
 A beach escapade with the family in Anilao East, Batangas.  Hot sun, cool water and fresh food to go.
 pizza in onion box
 White chocolate Mudcake with white chocolate ganache. Cake is covered in fondant and flowers made from modelling paste
 White chocolate Mudcake with white chocolate ganache. Cake is covered in fondant and flowers made from modelling paste
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Experiments with water and food coloringReplaced white with black in Photoshop
 It's actually the people who are caged in this photo; monkeys reach through the fence for food pieces.
 capuchin kitchen fund raiser at buddy's pizza in Livonia mi
 Yellow pound cake with Buttercream covered in white chocolate fondant.
 All the food is wrapped in banana leaves before placing in the oven
 food in black and white
 pizza and wine by the beach
 2 layered chocolate cake with an orange mousse and orange slices.handmade in polymer clay by me1:12 scale
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Two girls walk around the food market in Lak Sao.
 This home furnishing had a freakin food court in it. With very good apple cake.
 Part of a series on abandoned houses in Detroit.Note the stray dog scavenging for food.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 A person in a pizza costume at the 2008 Rooster Days Parade
 This was the best food we had the whole trip. It was near the market and the Rialto bridge in the San polo district
 The walls were a pretty light green complimented by dark wood floors and chocolate colored seats. 
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 The pizza boxes are shorter in Napoli3
 Bill, Eva and Rose at the Taphouse in Moncton. really, really good pizza and home brew beer.
 Only in Italy is pizza will you find an advertisement of girls gorging on pizza
 Only in Italy is pizza will you find an advertisement of girls gorging on pizza
 Me in Forrest Gump's sports shoes and his &amp;quot;a box of chocolate&amp;quot;
 This building at 1 Neil Road was built in 1903 which now houses entertainment and food outlets.
 051016Erik on his way home from my parents. Perhaps in a food chock after dining for three hours...
 Green pizza boxes @eatatjumbos in Somerville. Reuse them, etc.
 We stopped at a road side spot and these wild chickens were running around begging for food
 A chocolate mud cake covered in milk and dark chocolate ganache, and decorated with black and white sugarpaste.
 A chocolate mud cake covered in milk and dark chocolate ganache, and decorated with black and white sugarpaste.
 ..Linds &amp;amp; I caught that pizza box on fire in the oven - FLAMES.
 the trees near the subway......have IVs for plant food (i guess)
 beetween mountains and hills,...in the sea,is my food swimming...happy and free.before he is comming up in the boat to me..!
 The lassis in Mammallapuram were all a bit strange--they smelled of pizza cheese. Pretty glass and tablecloth though
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Our home while in Cibola.  The bar is cheap, the food is good, but the people are god damned crazy.
 This is what comes of a kitten who insists on standing in the food bowl.
 I made this vegan chocolate cake for Carlos' 25th birthday.  There were only 24 candles in the package ;)
 Ross make the house look small and all the food ended up in the living room where the seats are.
 Yellow pound cake with Buttercream covered in white chocolate fondant.
 The Black Squirrel of Death, enjoying a pizza crust. Notice the stylish car in the background.
 pizza and wine in classy styrofoam cups for dinner in our hotel room in oamaru. we were both really tired.
 pizza in north beach
 Obsessive compulsive bathroom photo.A pizza restaurant in Scotts Valley
 dipped in sins of chocolate, rising through a broken brick wall sky
 Everyone in this family gets these German chocolate cakes.  The lady collects red birds
 designed by a dad, child won't choke while eating fruits and food
 Millions of sand balls made by tiny crabs searching for food.
 I made two 9 inch round chocolate cakes for the cake in the ice cream cake.
 By Clare Odegard:  Beautiful green and red bell peppers sold at outside food stand in City Market
 A green parrot performs for food at the entrance to the Cuyabeno Reserve, in the Oriente of Ecuador.
 Katharo plateau, near Timios Stavros chapel no water no food. Dikti mountains Crete
 Homemade chocolate cake and white chocolate icing says &amp;quot;love&amp;quot; in my home.  
 Homemade chocolate cake and white chocolate icing says &amp;quot;love&amp;quot; in my home.  
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 a swan came swimming around the area looking for food
 A sun-lit park, blooming flowers a laid-back tree and the prospect of Dutch food bring out the best in Oscar...
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and Clothing  to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Was walking in a park where I found these birds eating the food given to them by the people.
 Speakeasy style bar serves cocktails in tea cups with chocolate fingers, min jaffa cakes and even cucumber sandwiches!!
 Brittany and I eating chicken at a food fair in Tong Sala.
 This woman was selling banana chocolate pancake type things for a dollar on the street in Vang Vieng
 chocolate cake with strawberry filling.Covered in fondant. Gumpaste flowers
 just some beautiful post-storm clouds I saw roiling over a car dealership on my way to get some Chinese food. 
 DISCRETIONARY CARD, in chocolate and green apple
 One of the many black birds hanging out by the lunch grill hoping to steal some food.
 Heart shaped ice cube with red food colouring, close-up in water glass.
 Our last night in Positano before flying to Athens.  Home-style Italian cooking with wood fired pizza oven overlooking Positano.
 Super cute Rabelais bookstore in Portland Maine - cook books and other food related writing.
 for drying clothes and hiding food in threes (so the bears don't eat it)
 We got all this food plus 2 water bottles for 90rs in Pounducherry
 Marbled Cake with Strawberry Buttercream filling.  Covered in our homemade fondant with white chocolate flowers and figures.
 Long Tailed Tit looking for food near the bird table
 While walking around the street of Harvard searching for my food, saw this lovely back street. 
 Spotted this bloke taking bird food from around the base of my bird table in the back  Garden today.
 deep in we were short of food. Luckily we spotted a banana tree. And had to eat raw bananas
 Taiyaki,  street food in Japan and Korea. I used waffle mix the inside is sweet red bean paste.
 chocolate &amp;amp; pink rose flavour &amp;amp; some cherry liquor, cote d'or chocolate in the middle
 chocolate &amp;amp; pink rose flavour &amp;amp; some cherry liquor, cote d'or chocolate in the middle
 chocolate banana cupcake in plastic dome containers
 man selling food on street in market in rishikesh, india
 The amount of food currently in my office is obscene. Yesterday, we had two boxes of cupcakes from Sprinkles!
 many feral dogs stood at the side of the road waiting for the food of people passing through by car
 jake eating pizza with waiter at a resturant in italy
 Various selection of stuff bad for you; to be dipped in white chocolate and bananas Foster!
 blue filter on flash, blue food dye in water
 The house cat.  Seemed to be very well fed, either by cat food or mice.
 layer bananas dyed in red food coloring
 Get the boy out of the monkey suit and put some food in his face. Mission accomplished!
 bikes + pizza = a match made in heaven
 Guinness chocolate cake with chocolate espresso butter cream frosting. Covered in black and white fondant.
 Guinness chocolate cake with chocolate espresso butter cream frosting. Covered in black and white fondant.
 A giant coffee cup cake with chocolate poured on the top to make &amp;quot;coffee&amp;quot; and chocolate transfers in swirls to make &amp;quot;steam&amp;quot;.
 A giant coffee cup cake with chocolate poured on the top to make &amp;quot;coffee&amp;quot; and chocolate transfers in swirls to make &amp;quot;steam&amp;quot;.
 This is my cup of coffee with a cat specially drawn in chocolate syrup.
 Body and Base are cake covered in buttercream. Hippo head, arms and alligator are white chocolate.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Reading our books together over pizza at naremburn pizzeria
 eating chocolate under a big blue sky bauble earrings
 Eric and Andy have their own pizza oven at their place in Sonoma....this is a final product!
 a Halloween debut cake filled with mouth watering chocolate...it has 18 pink candles...and a fairy in lavender on top...
 The only time a chocolate cake is baked in this house ;-)
 Tiered cake covered in fondant with chocolate roses and gold accents for a house warming party.
 He swings by the house on his rounds through the mountains looking for food.
 at the heritage hotel in The Rocks, Sydney. Good pizza and home brewed beer.
 pizza in a bag  that's right.
 Oatmeal cookies with crasins and white chocolate chips made by Audrey. Russian tea cakes made by me.
 One of the plants around the fishing pond.  Apparently these flowers are the favorite food of Monarch Butterflies when they are in Indiana.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 They deliver pizza with a moose car in Wisconsin Dells.
 A breath of spring in February - lemon cakes with vanilla-lemon frosting and chocolate butterflies.
 Rio Tarcoles is the home to numerous crocodiles. These gather under the bridge of the Tarcoles because people throw  food over to them.
 Chocolate mud cake covered in chocolate ganache and Strawberry flavored marshmallow fondant with fondant circles and flowers
 Or sleeping like this. However, they roam the street in packs at night barking, fighting, and scavenging for food.
 Several chickens search for food in the poultry barn
 My bowl of food at my house in Mattoon, Illinois on February 28, 2009. (Jay Grabiec)
 The food market near Thalia's house
 In Seoul markets in the street are not just for food, clothes or accessories for the house...
 members from the &amp;quot;FINCH&amp;quot; society for protection of wild birds storing seed food into bird houses around the city of Prizren.
 Female chef preparing plates of food, female cook in background
 I caught these two woodland ducks hunting for food together in Minoru Park, Richmond. Kind of cute =)
 all you can eat carb fest @ goat hill pizza,  sf - picture by chip
 My food, stay away.One of the feral cats in the backyard of my Girlfriend's Grandfather's house in Melbourne. Awesome animals.
 beautiful, colorful korean food: fish with various pickles, kochujan (chili pepper paste) wrapped in lettuce.
 Fruit bowl!  This and the apple purchased in the Ag building qualify as at least some healthy food consumed.
 friends' cats staying at our house - hiro in front, malachi in back, waiting for food (happy even without it)
 Always a good sign for a pizza shop. Especially in Honolulu.
 Print on pizza box by Jeff Ribaudo
 Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream covered in red fondant.  People thought the cake was part of the art exhibit.
 the woman in the pink was our chamermaid. she placed the food at our tables and made sure we were satisfied.
 alex at a pizza house in portland
 pizza in the oven
 The sound of filling the kitty food holder brought two curious cats in the kitchen...
 Was walking past Gabriel's in Old Town and noticed that there were still plates of food and glasses still full.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 1 tsp. of chocolate cake left in the box... for the birds
 These coach windows are crowded outside by people with all sorts of food and goods to try and shift.
 Aussie girls in food bowl
 soup pots on food street in Wuhan
 Chocolate mascarpone mousse in a white chocolate cup with white chocolate shavings.
 Chocolate mascarpone mousse in a white chocolate cup with white chocolate shavings.
 He kept throwing food up in the sky for the birds to catch mid-air.
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 delivery boxes stacked to the ceiling of a pizza place in Boston
 Super huge vending machine spotted in Placa De Catalunya Metro station. I bought the chocolate donuts. :)
 This was near the gumball machine. I love the black and white floor. It's totally pizza place. 
 Michelle's lunch from a sidewalk pizza vendor.  That is mayonaise all over the pizza.
 Michelle's lunch from a sidewalk pizza vendor.  That is mayonaise all over the pizza.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 Madeira cake filled with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate fondant wooden planks. All accessories are gumpaste or chocolate fondant. 
 And there was also food in a red heart with a green dress.
 On the farm across the street all is calm except pair of ducks searching for food,Please view in large
 Alaskan Cruise- August 2007 The food presentation on the ship was amazing! There's the bird in the cage, then the rearing stallion...
 This blue heron (juvenile) has been hanging around the backyard lake looking for food.
 A flock of Canadian Geese look for food in field beside a lake at Brosnan Forest, SC
 Beautiful big glasses of water with food coloring in them!
 I couldn't even eat half of these!! We got to-go boxes &amp;amp; then left the food in the car overnight. 
 Our version of cold storageThere's boxes and boxes of food sitting in rows about 1/4 mile away from the main base.
 White chocolate in a blue cup for jspad.  She deserves it.
 baked by my sis AC (white cake with home made chocolate frosting &amp;amp; pecans).
 These were very last minute cupcakes.  Butter cake with sour cream and white chocolate, with vanilla bc covered in fondant.
 We've had record snow in ND this year and many birds are near the roads looking for food.
 Massive school of fish soon to be hunted by sealions and birds in a food frenzey! Galapagos Islands.
 The dogs scavenging for horse food in the stable.
 Pizza #1 has been launced in the pizza oven
 Itchy sitting in the dog food bowl
 My supper: left over margherita pizza and green beans.
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 hole(made by cat3) in biscuit bag, completely missed food bowl &amp;amp; filled water bowls and floor D: D:
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 Female Nuttall's woodpecker (Picoides nuttallii) bringing food to it's chicks high in a dead pine tree.
 accompanied by a glass of champagne and chocolate cake :)  If only every friday is like this
 Moorhen looking for food under the bird table
 Hot chocolate in a cool blue mug
 dirty bird and pizza hut express - Priszm is in Pang
 A line up of cats waiting for food - they live in the rocks at Playa Blana.
 Puff in a pizza box at Fritter's birthday party
 Memories of Paris, chocolate and roses in the shadow of the Eiffel tower with you
 in pizza house
 A woodpecker looking for food on the tree in front of our house.
 We had to fit everything in this trailer + food + water + chairs + a didgeridoo ... (right side: clemente)
 top tier 5&amp;quot;&amp;amp;7&amp;quot; chocolate with brown sugar smbc, pale blue fondant and details inspired by a design by Wendy Kromer
 Caught playing in the cats water and food bowls
 The village shop in Anogi sells life's basics - cans of lemonade, bars of chocolate, bottles of wine and toilet rolls....
 The tiny white plants are lichens, favourite reindeer food especially in the winter.
 New paint in living room.Philipsburg blue and chocolate brown on the stairway wall.
 A small cup of orange juice and a small chocolate muffin. Our breakfast snack before landing in London.
 plastic food for restaurant window displays is a HUGE industry in japan
 came home and kabo was in his dog food bag..
 layers of white cake with Derrick's lemon curd in between and a white chocolate frosting
 kitten in food bowl
 I didn't mean it, the bowl just jumped up in the air, and the food started flying
 Linux server in a pizza box
 Claimjumpers in CA - I ate 1 piece of my pizza after the salad bar and Billy ate 2-3 ribs
 4&amp;quot;, 6&amp;quot;, 9&amp;quot; cakes iced in buttercream with white chocolate seashells and poured sugar coral. Thanks for looking!
  Whole communities take part in these festivals, bringing baskets of food and flowers for offerings.
 sanderling looking for food in golden sand
 My ugly mug in harlem, eating dixie fried food
 Various parts of pigs for sale in the food market including trotters and tongue!  
 Vanilla butter cake with rich chocolate buttercream. Covered in white chocolate buttercream and fondant.
 Vanilla butter cake with rich chocolate buttercream. Covered in white chocolate buttercream and fondant.
 Molly watching at the kitchen door in case of any accidents that might mean food hits the floor!
 Hanuman langurs eating food that has been offered to them on a wall in Lakshman Jhula
 Some clouds in sky of course but hardly no rain and finally - food.
 3-Tier chocolate cake decorated with pink icing sugar roses in 1:12th scale. Material : Polymer ClayTechnique : Handmade
 Image of the neon sign outside Rubino's pizza in Columbus, OH (Bexley neighborhood)
 Onion and pepper pizza slices appeared in all the bakery windows on Saturday morning.
 This is the roof of the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele. We sat in there and ate pizza while we people watched. 
 Left to right:*Giuseppe Garibaldi statue*Lunch break - pizza and calzone :)*Coffee by the water :)
 these crazy birds were swirling around us and picking food off the table directly behind me!
 Fallen apples in Colsterworth churchyard - food for late butterflies and birds and me, they were good....)
 This young Mockingbird is practicing its flying skills. It will follow its parents around on the ground begging for food.
 Chocolate cake with orange creamCovered in chocolate fondantDecorated with fondant
 9x13 white almond sour cream.  Karate girls are chocolate tranfers and borders are fondant.  Iced in buttercream.
 In keeping with the dessert picture theme. Yummy white cake with chocolate frosting layered in the middle.
 street food stand in Cartagena outside the old city wall
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 Mom and me riding in the back seat of the car after a night of pizza and wine at Mama Santa's
 The buffet car on the train - railway food's great in India
 Madeline &amp;amp; I had a quick pizza snack on that roof of Made in Italy
 several dogs and lots of monkeys come out in the morning to get food from tourists
 Lekker pizza gemaakt met mijn neefjes. Nog even in de oven en dan lekker smullen :)
 Super cute Rabelais bookstore in Portland Maine - cook books and other food related writing.
 Developing food solutions for the out-of-home market in the Customer Innovation Campus kitchen
 One of the puppies disappeared...we found him in the kitchen, his face buried in his mother's food bowl!
 Nick eating a chocolate banana pancake made by a street vendor on Khao San Road, Bangkok. 
 AT US pizza resturant near miramar beach
 Sarah dumping the bags in the fish truck before finding food!
 Fish balls at a market in Chiang Mai in the food section. The Pad Thai there is the best 'ever'
 8&amp;quot; chocolate mud cake with chocolate ganache underlay, covered in pale pink fondant.
 8&amp;quot; chocolate mud cake with chocolate ganache underlay, covered in pale pink fondant.
 David sitting at the pizza place in Cannery Row in Monterey, CA. 
 Little bite size cakes nested in white chocolate wraps.
 The turtle comes by everyday to get a bite of cat food.
 gumpaste cut out in the shape of drum and drumsticks, then airbrushed with red and black, and yellow ~ and outlined in chocolate 
 I think the sign over the doors indicates the appropriate times for &amp;quot;food service deliveries.&amp;quot;  This is the back of the prison.
 A large &amp;quot;field&amp;quot; of water plants cultivated by the locals for food.
 This duck stood by a small trees and watches another nearby duck exploring and looking for food.
 It's actually the people who are caged in this photo; monkeys reach through the fence for food pieces.
 These feral dogs will chase away monkeys (and other feral dogs) in exchange for food, so the guides feed them.
 2 boys in pizza shop
 Why are Jenni and Chema on the kitchen floor in the middle of the pizza mess Andi wonders...
 dish towel &amp;amp; plate from Target, wooden spreaders from IKEA, &amp;amp; food from The Spanish Table in Seattle
 Blue christmas tree in the pizza restaurant
 Beautiful green and chocolate bag, I find the fabric in an open air market and I enjoy it.
 A covered food market in Kanazawa.  Lots of fruit, vegetables, and fish.  And an angry apple seller &amp;gt;.&amp;gt;;;
 Benry in a paper bag that my Chinese food came in.
 this cake is for a thirtieth birthday, four layers, almond cream cheese, with chocolate mousse filling in layers, sparkler candles
 Navy blue scrolls on white with handmade white chocolate &amp;quot;W&amp;quot; monogram in the same font as the wedding invitation
 Frozen summer fruits in a white chocolate sauce
 The kois in canal followed while walking over the bridge waiting for food. Very funny.
 dried fish in a food stall in seoul street market in busan
 A water drop with blue food dye. Took about 50 photos for every good photo in this set.
 it was a quiet town around an beautiful lake surrounded by mountains with delicious food selections...heaven
 Turkey pigs in blanket, asparagus in blanket, beaten bunny cookies with dark chocolate orange peel and almonds
 Keep the door open and the monkeys saunter in and casually take all your food.
 This pale chocolate pigeon was by the river the other day -the only one amongst a group of grey birds.
 Beautiful flowers, and the fruits are important food for birds and mammals in Hong Kong
 Packing up food bags and boxes in preparation for the food distribution program
 Packing up food bags and boxes in preparation for the food distribution program
 she is protecting our doorbell.  The other day she stopped a pizza delivery girl in her tracks!!!
 These birds would come and wet their food in the water that goes down the terraces.
 An old recipe written on a pall mall cigarette box came to light when community comes together over food
 recently she can come to her food bowl in front of my entrance door to have a meal everytime.
 These signs were very popular in Beijing for signalling &amp;quot;western food here&amp;quot;. &amp;quot;Fat white people eat here.&amp;quot; Oh well.
 Bathroom with wall for toilet in case you consume Mexican food
 I'm told the guy in the hat in the middle works at one of the local pizza places.
 WSEE was promoting Read 'N Feed, in which folks can drop off bags of food or books for charity.
 Having pizza and cerveza in the bar- the walls were covered with grafitti
 The train cars were glassed and great for viewing the wilderness.  Good food in the dining under the viewing area
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 All over along the path and near lemon trees, food plant for butterflies.
 We had our lunch here.  Its in the pine forest in the north of the Island of Gran Canaria, nice food too
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 some of the food vendors in between stages. the houses on the hill were very cool too.
 funny little birdie in orange and pink and a chocolate wise owl
 It came in the house to steal my cats food
 glass hot chocolate mug held up against blue light in cafe 
 image from &amp;quot;muddy mud and chocolate cake collection&amp;quot; story book written by kim grimwood illustrated by me
 food coloring in a glass of water
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and snacks to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Teepee cake with cheeky child peeping out! Available in Victoria sponge, chocolate, lemon or carrot cake. Serves 20 approx.
 Sit around in the water until the boat takes off and then eat all the food people throw off the side of the boat.
 Warm cakes with Warm white chocolate in the middle, Vanilla ice cream, and strawberry sauce.
 My chocolate orange trifle turned out picture-perfect for our neighborhood block party in July. Complete with red spoon.
 Drinking dirty stream water and eating wild food in the tropical rain forest of Borneo
 Female woodpecker getting food for the young in a nearby tree
 The food is cooked in the dining car kitchen. The plates are plastic. 
 butterflies flowers chocolate cake future.The painting is made this week by my daughter Eva.
 1561 clothes store near food market
 Lunch.  Fraction's out of town, I'm still in my robe, eating cold pizza and drinking lime seltzer.  
 Food Up Front promoting healthy fresh food by distributing home grown salad boxes to local residents
 Wheelchair on top of a pizza on top of the Swedish parliment accompanied by two identical potted plants 1/3
 Weekend delivery of food, bottles of water and Clothing  to the homeless community in Washington DC
 Cupcakes to match little Ava's shower cake.  Rich chocolate cake drenched in raspberry liquor and topped with white chocolate buttercream.
 Cupcakes to match little Ava's shower cake.  Rich chocolate cake drenched in raspberry liquor and topped with white chocolate buttercream.
 Watching the ships go by outside the pizza parlour in Wormerveer.
 Saul baked and decorated this by himself--first time!  It was vanilla cake with white chocolate pudding in the middle.
 Sarah found this carrot face in her bowl of food!
 Dark chocolate mud cake with chocolate rolled fondant &amp;amp; fresh flowers by Amber Rose Florist Corowa.
 Dark chocolate mud cake with chocolate rolled fondant &amp;amp; fresh flowers by Amber Rose Florist Corowa.
 Louie, Romeo, and Vinny waiting in the car for the pizza 4 1/2 months old 3/24/07
 after ordering our gourmet pizza in the hotel bar
 Equipment  used in the processing of plants and animals for food.
 These birds were mental! They would just hop around tables and into kitchens looking for food!
 Farm in tuscumbia -Marcus on field trip and pizza for lunch
 A pileated woodpecker hunts for food in a dead tree in Hibbing Minnesota.
